1, I'm not using Yahoo frequently to give an honest opinion, I am an MSN Premium Subscriber. However, when I used Yahoo, it worked well for me!
1, The best Mail program.
1, This is just like the desktop. Better than the iPhone app. I didn't realize that if I changed the colors it would change the desktop too. Very easy to use.
1, Fast, flexible
0, Actually this program is pretty good. But absolutely don't like the fact that I can't logout. If someone can enlighten me, then I'll change my rating.
0, I've been using Yahoo! Mail for my business for years. I do not want to change my email address for that reason, so I downloaded it onto my new Kindle Fire, that Santa brought me. I am not a huge fan of Yahoo Mail...it has it's annoying issues. Because of my business, I have not tried any other email provider, except AOL years and years ago. But, Yahoo! is mostly reliable, and I usually can manage to get done what I need to. So, I'm sticking with it for now. Maybe when I retire, I will try a better one. PS: Thanks Santa...I think I'm going to like my new Fire...when I learn how to operate it! ;)
1, Yahoo Mail wasn't working anymore on my Kindle, so I took it to someone, who deleted the old one and put this new Yahoo Mail on my Kindle. Now I am able to see email on my Kindle again.
0, This program seems a bit awkward compared to the last one. Too many things to either do or keep track of. Keep it simple. Give me back what I had. Thanks.
0, It's an OK email service.
1, My husband & I both like to check our email in the morning. No conflicts. He uses the PC. I use my Kindle. Life is good!
1, Very pleased with my yahoo account
1, I find it easy to use.
1, i like yahoo mail a lot. I had problems getting my default phone email to accept yahoo, so I installed the app which is easier.
1, It is my comfort email address. Always available and a not a big hassle with ads or spam. Been using for more than 10 years.
1, Very convenient, one click and there's all your email displayed. Highly recommended.
1, Great
1, This app is really good. It is much better than the mail app that comes with the Kindle fire!
0, The inability to view more than 10 items at a time is very limiting. Unless this app is updated - and improved - when not at home I will continue to access email on my iPod.
1, Good app .
0, App doesn't remember preferences that have been previously saved. Won't allow meto access a secondary account within yahoo- keep booting me back to primary mailbox. Would give it a big fat ZERO! This app sucks. Useless.
1, This is a cool app I can check my mail any where I go plus I have all my contact all in one place way to go yahoo
1, I had this app on my 4th generation IPod and it crashes frequently. Since I have had the Kindle fire HD7, there have been zero issues! My only complaint is the set-up. I believe it could be more user friendly.
1, I got the Yahoo Mail again because somebody hacked into my last account and I had to set up a new account. Iliked the last account so I set up the new account.
1, I've used it for years and still love it. Can't beat the price either. Keeping it. Why do i have to type 20 words?
1, I've had it for 15+ years
0, keeps shutting me out. messed up my Kindle account.
1, This app is awesome. U don't have to log in and out.
1, The app used to force close all the time, but seems to work almost as good as a desktop. I can easily open the app and check my messages
1, On Kindle Fire this app works well; scrolls thru emails, and you can choose folders to view or to save emails to.
1, Easy to use
1, I have no problems with Yahoo mail. It is an easy to use mail service.
1, Works!! Not exciting but functions.. SchoolMom
1, Easy link to yahoo email account for my kindle.
0, I have an old (very old) email address - prodigy no less (which was compuserve and something else before yahoo bought those) and prodigy does not work through the yahoo mail app through the kindle.
0, I have used Yahoo Mail for many years and it's okay. I do get a LOT of spam mail so am thinking of switching.
1, YAHOO!!! Mail is the best!!
0, Meh. Generally functional, but some problems with deleted items not staying deleted.
0, I have used yahoo mail for as long as it's been out, and love it, but since downloading it to my Kindle fire HD I've had problems with it. It works very well for the first couple of weeks. Then it starts to load slower. After a couple of weeks of slow loading, it start to not load at all. In order to continue using it to read my mail I have to delete it from my Kindle and reinstall it; after that it works great again. .. for a few weeks. I'm not sure why it does this, but it is a pain. I will continue to use it, it is my favorite email. I just wish it wasn't such a constant cycle.
1, Love my Yahoo! mail.
1, I really like this app, it is so much easier to navigate than the old way of yahoo mail.
1, use it daily
0, it sucks don't use it I am now locked out of all my accounts because of this app. its bs that they wont except my info then tell me to use the web browser to log in only to find out I am now locked out of my email for the next 24 hours because this app wont take my info ....
1, very nice, does what it says, I enjoy using this come in handy will tell everyone about it, keep up the good work
1, I like to use this when I'm away from the computer. Nice tool for getting your Email quickly on the fly.
1, Can't live without it.
1, I'm very happy that I downloaded this the Yahoo app because it is easy to find and a pretty color.
1, I am glad that I can now get my Yahoo mail at the tap of a finger on my Kindle.
0, I hate ya hoo. That's all i have to say
1, I really like this email program and use it all the time. I prefer using this program instead of using a computer.
1, Very useful
1, Usually I use Aol but this app is wonderful. I have it on my kindle Fire,and it makes my life a lot easier. I keep track of my email from any where.
1, It's good
1, Its great for my Kindle Fire. Now I know where my app is on my kindle for my Yahoo mail before had to go on web site to get my mail
1, THIS IS A GREAT PROGRAM FOR US TO CHECK OUR E-MAIL ANYWHERE & ANYTIME! MY FAMILY IS ALL OVER THE USA & EUROPE SO IT HELPS US KEEP IN TOUCH! THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!
1, I LIKE THE SPEED
1, Nice app with many features for viewing and sorting your email. I prefer this app to the regular yahoo mail.
1, Good
1, Good way to check e-mail while on the Kindle. Works well - have had no issues with it.
0, With this download on my original Fire, I can't delete mail (although it says I am deleting mail, the mail remains).. Also, the font is smaller and my cover seems to get in the way of the selection boxes for individual pieces of mail. Should have read the reviews first. Not a happy camper.
1, User friendly
0, I h a 've no way to log off this app. Not very secure.
1, Allows me to pull up my emails where ever Wifi is available. Nice to be able to view larger print on the Kindle Fire vs the Iphone
1, i am enjoying the app.it works best for me,as my att email is out of order.the tech support man was very helpful in setting it up.thanks.
0, one afternoon about 2 weeks after I got my kindle the notifications kept going off eventhough I didn't have any mail!
1, Easy! Easy!
1, I love my yahoo mail,I have a couple others but never use them.
0, The phone app works better that the computer version. The recent updates make a big difference in performance, which is a huge improvement!
1, I NEED IT VERY GOOD
1, Good app
1, We have YAHOO on our pc and have no problem with it. This is a popular sight and no one should have any trouble with it.
0, Loved the old version so when it asked me to update I did. Huge mistake - refuses to load. I have waited for up to half an hour with no luck on 2 different accounts. If you have the old version do not update. If you don't do not purchase. Will be uninstalling. Am on Kindle Fire.
1, Seems to work well. Like it.
1, Easy, convenient.
1, This Yahoo mail app works much better than the Kindle Fire's native app. Definitely worth a try for anyone with Yahoo mail.
0, It constantly beeps even when I turn the sound setting off and it freezes my kindle, so no, I don't like it.
1, Yahoo has always been my mail and main news item.
1, Love it.. simple
1, I like this app very much this was my very first email Yahoo.
0, Yahoo keeps trying to evolve...that's good. However, unlike other products, software tweaks and module changes often find a way to leak their code changes into other pieces of the total product, hence, my indignation with Yahoo/IE. At least for me, it is a common occurrence to have the inability to even access Yahoo unless I change to FireFox. Even Chrome works better than IE when using Yahoo. I don't have those issues with Hotmail or GMail, though GMail and IE don't always play well together either. I also think the interface needs some help....meaning, why should I have to click on a separate page to bring up My.yahoo when I am in Yahoo Mail? I should be able to seamlessly move between them....as in already loaded and ready to switch views. And please fix the calendar. Yahoo COULD make 'life' so much easier to navigate if they really wanted to. Ok, so its free, and I don't really mind the ads when they are pointed in the direction of things I buy anyway. That can be a nice service and a win-win for both me and the advertisers, but get the targeting mix right. I am 59, male, and don't buy earrings or shop at cosmetic stores.
0, This app has always been slow to load, whether it's on an android mobile phone or my kindle fire, it takes a while. Other than that, no complaints.
0, System has a hard time remembering that I have downloaded. Many times receiving my mail is a new experience.
1, Excellent
1, Like my e-mail with ymail
0, I have multiple yahoo emails I check all day long but now I can't because it stops working ALL OF THE TIME! Thank goodness I have a gmail account that I will use until yahoo gets their act together. I cant believe they changed to be more like gmail and yet failed.
0, Generally good on Kindle Fire, but navigation is sometimes slow, clunky or utterly unresponsive. My cell uses the Google Play version with much better success.
1, ok
1, Yahoo mail is good, but they keep changing it!
0, This app is terrible. I will delete messages that never really delete on a desktop. When looking at my messages and scrolling down it glitches and keeps sending you back to the top of the message even though your finger never moves. It won't load new messages on an enlarged screen and instead either shows you the email above or below it. I am tired of this dumb app! Don't waste your time.
1, Like it
1, I really like it because I can do anything on my Kindle e-mail with Yahoo Mail that I can do on my laptop.
1, Like it, It's a well looking bad that will go with everything.
1, Like everything
0, Freezes every time I use it on my Kindle. Usually kicks me pour after about 20 seconds of waiting.
1, awesome, at first it was not very good but know it is amazing! it even sends me alters when I have a new email. great for the kindle fire
0, Security is overdone and not always possible. Where did the spam folder go?
0, I am disappointed in this app even more now. I did the upgrade on my kindle fire and now it refuses to load my e-mail messages. Very annoyed. PLEASE FIX THIS!!
1, Easy downloading.
1, I love this book. I think I have read it four times now. Each time I takeaway something new.
0, Still evaluating.
0, It don't work
1, Couldn't live without this app.
1, Best app ever. Makes it so convenient not to have to go to my office to check email. Love it.
1, Yahoo is the best I have always used it since I been an adult and have always been happy with it
1, The best
1, Great product
1, Fast & easy path to my emails!
1, it is pretty good and easy to use but when I click on a address to send an e-mail all my contacts appear and block the page so I don't know whether it is sending to all those addresses or just the one in the send window.
0, Give me some time. I will let you know after I have used it for awhile.
1, I've had Yahoo mail for many years and I love it!
1, A Yahoo mail app from Yahoo, its just what you'd expect, works just as well, if not better than the website interface. I use this App on my phone, tablet, and Kindle.
0, This works well for checking my Yahoo mail but there doesn't seem to be a way to it off so it doesn't constantly check for mail. I get tons of mail and the thing going off constantly makes me crazy. Plus I figure it will wear out the battery life as well. I would be able to open and use when I want a quick check without it going constantly.
1, Works great!
1, I enjoy my kindel fire and use it a lot so it was great when I found this app. Now I. use it for almost everything. this app is so easy to use. I love it.
1, No problems
0, this is a great product but the one thing i haven't found yet is a sign out button which why i gave this a -2 star rating. otherwise its very clean and nice to look at your email(s) with. have it on the kindle fire.
1, Have never had one problem with my Yahoo mail account.
1, I have used Yahoo mail for a very long time now and I was glad I could sync it to my phone so I can read my messages on the go.
0, I do not like it at all. The blue screen that keeps popping up is annoying! check boxes are too small and it doesn't sync well.
1, Cool
1, I like getting my e mail without all the ads. I love the yahoo news also. Thank you very much
0, It was a okay app. I no longer have a Yahoo mail account.
0, I used to think y! mail was great. Even had y! as my home page. Slowly but surely Yahoo has gotten crapier and crapier... and this new y!mail is HORRIBLE.
1, Love this! I had Yahoo Mail on my phone, but it loads much faster on my new Kindle Fire HD. And I don't have to get out my reading glasses!
1, Love it
1, Been with Yahoo Mail for a long time and love it.
1, I love being able to check my mail from my iPhone and I'm able to see and read every picture and word!
1, This app works nicely on my Amazon Fire tablet and Nokia smartphone with the Windows o.s. It allows synchronization of my Yahoo mail account between my home desktop and laptop computers and my tablet and smartphone devices.
1, For some reason, my Kindle Fire stopped accepting my Yahoo mail and refused to let me use my calender... This fixed everything for me.
1, Had trouble with kindle email retrieval and send function. Once i had this app those problems disappeared. I am very happy with yahoo mail!
1, I like that I am able to get all of my e-mail apps on my tablet so that I can check them while I am out and about.
1, Nice app. I like the format.
1, I really enjoy being able to check my email with one push of a button everything is right there and easy to navigate. Every once in a while though I have a hard time getting the right email to open up but other than that Good.
0, Yahoo has changed its look n actions. Don't like the new mail look and my spam builds up to the 100's. Used to be able to set up quicker deletions. Now I have to manually delete also many are getting thru anyway.
0, Well, first the positives. You can get your mail. That's about it. Then the negatives. This app is so slow and constantly freezes up OR stops responding completely, and then I have to shut it down unless it already has shut down by itself. Not sure if it's the latest update or what the problem is, but I am beyond frustrated.
1, For a while, deleted emails kept reappearing in my in box. That problem seems to have stopped. What I like much better about the app vs the PC desktop version is that the in box is purely chronological. I hate the desktop version that puts threads together as one entry.
0, I can't access my mail. All I get is a loading icon. I uninstalled the app and will get my email from a different device.
1, Love getting my email immediately.
0, Wish it would work. Stops working pretty often. Got to a point that I had to restart it 3 -4 times just to download mail. Attachment function works irregularly. Use the web-based version.
1, Love
1, This app works really well on my tablet. I love being able to check Yahoo mail, get my stories of the day etc.
0, I sign in with the same password for a long time and suddenly it doesn't work. Get another one but the next time it doesn't work or it will work 2-3 times. I did this and finally the code they would send to change password wouldn't work. I finally gave up and opened new account. The first one unaccessible now. I tried to call but got automated jargon so that did nothing or I got told to call another number in a circle. The same thing is happening with this new account and if it does I will not use yahoo mail anymore.
0, Will not let me log in on my kindle fire! I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times. It just keeps &#34;loading&#34;
1, It gets mail
1, I was having problems synching my yahoo email account with my android tablet. Once I downloaded this free app from Amazon, all those problems went away.
0, I have used yahoo for years. I downloaded it on my kindle fire and it lets me sign in and seconds later it signs me back out. Unable to check my mail at home. Very frustrated
0, I HAVE HAD YAHOO MAIL FOR YEARS, BUT RECENTLY I HAVE HAD TROUBLE LOADING UP MY E-MAIL. I HOPE IT IMPROVES IN THE FUTURE.
1, It's OK
1, I like it.
1, It works!
1, It's great. I can pretty much do everything that I can do on my regular computer from just about anywhere.
0, Ever since it upgraded on my kindle this app doesn't work. It won't up my mail or anything. Before the upgrade it was perfect
1, Good
1, I like Yahoo mail.its very responsive when I'm using it.yes I would reconnect it too my friends..Knave always liked Yahoo.
1, Love it
0, Cold not get it to work on my mobile device.
1, Good play action
0, won't increase font size anymore. won't load past e-mails. hard to navigate. uninstalled 3 times trying to fix. no success
1, I have been using Yahoo mail for more than 15 years and I have you to say that it's easy to navigate and always dependable. I have never had an issue with Yahoo email, but I have had problems with other email providers over the years. I have no intention of using any other provider in the future.
1, I like the UI and the emails come fast. The design is awesome and easy to learn. It is great and better then the original email client that comes with the fire
1, Yahoo mail is easy access. I have had my yahoo mail for several years and they do a good job when they upgrade and improve.
1, I have always only had one email and it is yahoo. Yahoo is and always has been very secure and safe
1, I love this app since this is my main mail..
1, I like the new changes. Would like ability to create sub folders in future because I could organize my email more efficiently.
1, Love ❤ it
0, Not impressed.
1, Met expectations.
1, This app works just as described. Its simple to use but sometimes fights with itself, but things are always quickly fixed. Simple and easy, just the way I like it.
1, great way to ck email on the run!!
1, Been using yahoo for years, will never move! Love it! Is where I started using Email and will continue for years to come. All my friends use it too.
1, Great
0, I hate this app. It takes forever to load and freezes as I'm scrolling through my emails. My other email app works just fine, but is specific to gmail. I clearly need a better combination app. This one is terrible.
1, caveats - this is my first tablet, I'm not gadget - inclined. however, easy install, scrolling works. can see more than 12 messages (one of the comments) either through innocent or paging through each message. Didn't observe any limits. The ad bar is about 1/2" high and I didn't notice it until I was reading reviews and went back to see if it was there.
1, THE new Yahoo Mail App can't be beat by Gmail!!! It TRULY saddens me to say that, considering that Gmail is my default account for my e-mail service. I absolutely love the fact that you can add from ANY device you are using, New folder's to your e-mail account!!! This is where Gmail is TOTALLY lacking in a major big-time way!!!! I can't tell you how many times I needed to add items to a new folder and was unable to do so, unless I was on my laptop computer!!! For this outstanding feature alone I give Yahoo E-mail 5 stars!! They also allow you to change your background wallpaper's from whatever devices you happen to be using as well!!! I've suggested several different times to Gmail on how to improve they're e-mailing services like Yahoo E-mail, and have NEVER heard OR had any type of reply!!! Hopefully, if enough people use they're Yahoo E-mail accounts more than Gmail, they just might actually have to change the way they're doing business!!! Until then, superb job for Yahoo's E-mailing services!!! I HIGHLY recommend this application to everyone!!! ;-)
1, It is what I am used to.
1, Good app, nice to get my e mails when I'm not close to my computer.
1, I had another Mail app that would keep bringing back mail that was previously deleted. This one is really smooth and you can add folders and keep things organized. This is good until something way better comes along.
0, Never use the app. Too many bugs and the direct site is easier to use than the app.
1, Use it every day, have no issues.
1, I found this to work fairly well with my only issue being with contact list integration. Once syncing the contact list over I found that my overall list tripled with the culprit being duplicate entries. Since this email app is not much different than many others regarding dupe contacts I still felt 4 stars was warranted.
0, It okay sometimes. But when I also check it on my computer I notice that the emails that I checked and deleted on my kindle were not deleted. So I have to go back over and delete them again. So this problem needs to be fixed.
1, Yahoo's. is fun,educational, and it allows. you to visit. and use many different. sites .Many people. finds Yahoo. to be very helpful
1, It works
0, it used to be free of ad and I loved it. now they just inserted ad section on every screen, uninstalled! use built-in mail instead.
1, Just like looking at it from ur desktop/laptop. Works very well. If u have a yahoo acc. this should be an app for i u
0, Microsoft makes it very difficult to use Yahoo with their software. Yahoo has very few redeeming features.
0, when I try to download this app it says I cant. wow I think that this app is so dumb ever though I'm only thirteen it still sucks so if you have a Yahoo account don't get this!!!!!!
1, hola. a todos mis. amigos y conosidos espero que se esten. portando bien y si se portan. mal nomas. avisenme.
0, It's slow and craches a lot. Might as well send pigeon instead, might be faster and less headache. Save your time and space on your phone.
0, Slow but lets you preview email. Latest version put in obtrusive ads at the bottom of the screen . I wish they had left them out.
1, works just fine on kindle fire. does what I need it to do and seems better than kindle email app
0, It stopped working. I tried everything it says to do to gain access but it just keeps telling me I have the wrong password. I even reset to factory settings and still no luck. It used to work fine without the app. Not that the app messed it up...it was just another way for me to try and access.
1, Took a while to get used to but now I love it. It's awesome for mobile tablets. Like being at your desk top.
1, Ok
0, I don't like it. Why should Amazon have anything to do with my email. It's a pain!!!!!!! One time I couldn't access it??? I hate it when you change something that works.
1, Love this app nothing less to be expected from the Yahoo brand ! Easy to use keeps me updated been using Yahoo as my E-Mail provider for many years now they have never disappointed me with there many services and still haven't with this app either. Yahoo has done it again great job.
1, Always loved Yahoo email
1, Best item I bought in years.
1, If you have a Yahoo E-mail account, this app is a must have.
0, This app is worthless. My emails are constantly sent to the Outbox and it frequently force closes. I can't even use italics because it goes crazy. Do not bother fixing. I'm done with this.
0, you can not go from deleting a message back to the inbox, it always goes to the next message. Completely unexceptable.
1, A pull down explnation of icons and controls would be helpful as with a spell checker/
1, The Yahoo app works perfectly. Access to Yahoo Mail through my Fire tablet stopped working. The Yahoo app replaces that.
1, this is the one with 4stars so I got the app. it seem to work ok. some times it takes longer to load.
1, Excellent buy
1, Excelente funcionamiento.
1, This book had a lot of useful information for me. I enjoyed it and was able to use much of it.
1, :)
1, I have been using yahoo for many years. At first they had problems but it was worth staying with them because the last problem was years ago. They turned out being the best mail out there. They are fast and easy to use and everyone can remember your email address easier, it seems to be the favorite out there too. Plus it's free and always has been. Plus it's not cluttered.
1, Nice
0, The app will not stay logged in. This needs to be fixed. If you please that would be greatly appreciated thanks.
0, dropped my email
1, I really like this app but they should put "compose message " on it so that it would be easier to view and send messages.
1, So far it is working great. I had to download this because Yahoo mail on my new kindle keeps saying there is a connection problem. So far this app has kept working
1, It's kind of funny how I love yahoo's mail service but not their search engine and home page. I love Google's search and home page but not gmail. That said the mobile version of Yahoo mail is every bit as powerful and easy to use as the web based bersion! I love it!
0, I have searched and searched but cannot find the log out on this app.... anyone else figure it out???????? I do not like leaving my email open.
0, Print too small. :
0, Didn't like it, tried it and removed it
0, This app was great, until november 7. It stopped updating the emails. Checks for them but nothing new appears on the screen. I use a kindle
1, This was a well thought out tale of heartbreak and healing. This author seemed to have been with her characters as they fought for survival for themselves and their loved ones. My heart went out to all and I will definitely look for more from Emily Bleeker.
0, sucks you cant delete all the spam or trash in one go. so I just use the yahoo web site
0, For me your calandar is linked to your email. I use it and depend on it. I cannot schedule my alerts for a week ahead and I can't see my events on the monthly calendar any more. .
1, Love it
1, It has all of the functions I need. It is much better than the mail client that comes with the Pandigital Android device.
0, I know it's free, but it's no good if I can't use it! Seems like every other update makes it almost unusable. Then one will make it work again, but sure enough, along comes another update to screw it all up again.
1, Easy to use on my phone and lap top.
1, Since I use Yahoo! Mail for both personal and job-related, it's a real nice plus to not have to sign out from one account to access the other. This makes it much easier.
0, Not happy with this version of Yahoo Mail. I'll have over 100 emails, but only 10 to 12 show up and from there on the screen goes blank.
1, Hubby likes !
1, Easy app to check your Yahoo email. Wish it had sorting capability. Lacks many of the features on the Yahoo mail PC version.
1, Love the ease of using this app
1, Satiefied
0, Limited but not like the iPad version. Don't let this software full you that look like Yahoo! MAIL APPS. Safe space but us your web browser.
1, It's easy and fast to use, I can use this app on both my cell phone and Kindle with no problems
1, I can't find a delete button for folders I no longer want. I can't figure out how to reply to an e-mail so, it could be more User friendly. Sometimes I click on the trash can symbol to empty the trash or spam folders and instead of deleting them it opens them instead. Also how to you access your contacts? A few easier ways to do the above and it would be a great app instead of just good.
1, Looks just like my normal mail from the web page. It also runs just as well on the kindel as my computer. It works for me and gets the job done.
1, I have used Yahoo for many years, actually about 25 years and hope to enjoy many more very easy to use.
1, I have been using Yahoo mail for the past sixteen years and it remains my primary email provider.
1, Yahoo Dose the hi on for me!!!! My every day life consisting of Yahoo!!!
1, This app is perfect, if you have a yahoo account.
1, Yahoo is the best,and I give it six stars
1, E-mail app. It's convenient for use. Not much else to say here.
0, Prefer the ease of yahoo.com
1, Very easy to use even for a 50 yr old mom.
0, Only problem is that it doesn't have yahoo messenger. Very disappointed about that. That's why I didn't give it 5 stars.
1, I liked the app. Easy to read .
0, Not bad.
1, None,! :-)
0, Cannot sort by sender or date, functionality. is limited. The same true for the folders. If there is a large number of messages in the inbox or folder sorting makes it easy to filter
1, You can get into Yahoo Mail from yoiur tablet's browser.But, it just don't fit! Users are forced to navigate around the web page until they find what they need .. folder, compose, etc. The Yahoo Mail app was specifically designed for your Kindle. Use is much easier than thru the browser. Get the app.
1, Works great!
0, goog , fast
1, Great
1, works just fine!
0, Don't get me started.
1, This app is a great way for me to check my e-mail while on the go. Easy to access my account.
1, Good
0, Can't work it very well. The frame is so small to mover around on my kindle. Love Yahoo on my computer.
1, Love it, simple and easy to use
1, Love it.
1, GREAT!
0, I was somewhat satisfied with Yahoo Mail until they started changing it every couple of years. In December they changed it again. The new look is horrible! It has no personality at all. It's boring and all the theme colors are muted.They give you several different themes you can use but they are all awful. And now when my email come in I can't see the pictures unless I open the pages with my browser. This takes alot more time to sort thru my emails. You can send a message to Yahoo but I'm sure they don't read or care that they have the worst email outthere and no customer service.
1, Very complete and easy to navigate. I just need to practice more finesse with the touch screen to move e-mails to saved folders.
1, Super simple and easy to use! Best app I've added to my Kindle Fire! I wish every app I've added were this intuitive.
1, Yahoo Mail is awesome!
1, This is much easier to use. Thank you.
1, This app gets the job done. It's easy to navigate through the options. Mail gets sent. Mail gets recieved. Plain and simple.
1, I gave this to my wife for Christmas and she loves it. She takes it everywhere to read books and go on the internet.
1, Haven't had any problems. Works better than the plain old email app and syncs well with my computer. Very satisfied.
1, I love my new yahoo mail it is so easy to use love it.
1, It works well. Quick. Correct. Easy. NO freezes. NO fails. NO crashes. What else could a user ask for? Huh?
0, I do not remember ordering this, and do not know what to do with it.
1, Better than the option that came with my phone
1, This app is easy to use and gets the job done for reading my Yahoo mail. No complaints.
1, I LOVE yahoo!!
0, Cumbersome. Too many steps to log in or log out. It's like it doesn't want you to log out with 5 steps to do so.
1, no problems and easy to use very good mail service. i have used several and this is the best hands down.
0, Yahoo changed there mail setup so that the messages are not in block of say 50 or 100 so in order to find a message that is 2 months old you have to scroll through your mail which may be 2 months worth of messages to find the message you are looking for. They should have there messages in blocks of 50, 100, 200 or even 25 so that you can quickly get where you want to look for the message....if this makes any sense
1, It seems most problems are now fixed. I use this app daily on my Kindle Fire. It works better on a lap top but still a good app for the smaller screen.
1, Love the availability!!
1, I use yahoo mail every day. I find it easy to find what I want. There is always interesting information on it too.
1, Bought this to take on a cruise. At one point my husband said I should have left it home!!!! That was because I kept getting stopped every 2 minutes asking where I got it, how beautiful it looked even asked if they could feel it! This was from employees of the ship, guest and even kids!😀
1, love my Yahoo!
1, best email app for yahoo
1, Works like I expected it to.
0, This Sucks
1, Great
1, Good app for email
1, YAHOO is a favorite with me!
1, I've had Yahoo email for so many years and I've had very few of any problems with my account. I love the accessibility and ease of use.
1, good
1, its working smoother than the old app. I can see and delete faster. Makes checking email a more pleasant experience
0, The mail will NOT load on my Kindle.
1, very good mail box, glad that I have it.
1, So very easy to keep on top of all correspondence. Filing is a cinch. Importing mail from other services is simple, too. I love Yahoo mail and have been using it for 22 years!
0, The app continuously crashes. Can't read my mail. No problem with the old app. This app is aweful. Hate it.
0, Something is wrong with my Yahoo Mail. I can receive emails but cannot send any out. I need help here folks or I will have to change servers which I don't want to do.
1, Easy to read and a lot faster to get through.
1, I use this all the time. I love it. The only thing is you can't scroll down using the down page key.
1, I have been enjoying the new app in my kindle fire. help Me stay up to date with my busy life
1, works just like yahoo mail on your desk top. Use mine all the time. No problem with it at all.
0, I love yahoo mail and use my kindle daily. I hate that it takes forever to be able to access my mail because the app freezes for the first five minutes or so and you have to keep closing it. Really needs improvements.
0, Force closes, takes forever to load emails or just gives a black screen. Where gmail is nearly instant and low bandwidth, Yahoo on android and iphone eay your dataplan. I have used yahoo for years. Not impressing me lately with this and the slowness of javascript on their web page...
0, crashes consistently and is obviously broken. I hope that it is fixed soon.
1, The yahoo app works as it should without getting in the way. I check my email when I can. All other times I receive a quick notification that I can tap on to view right away or I can ignore it and look at it later.
0, Impossible to sign on to YAHOO. Even att.net is not able to solve
1, Great Great Great Great Great Great Great
1, I LOVE IT,SO EASY TO GET EMAIL.
1, Easy!
0, Downloaded it to my Android but it wouldn't work. Kept coming up and saying Ymail has stopped working. So I uninstalled it and tried again, but it still wouldn't work.
0, Horrible experience. It deleted an important folder and all the contents while using the app on my Kindle. Fortunately my laptop yahoo email was not affected so my data was still intact, which in itself is rather strange. Also in order to sign out of the email app was ridiculously difficult. Why????
1, Great. Works and looks just like the Yahoo mail that I use on my computer. If you have Yahoo for an email account get this app! Works and looks so much better than signing into yahoo from the kindle.
0, They tried to fix something that wasn't broken. The old yahoo mail was easier to use and therefore much more enjoyable to use than the current version. I started using AOL more as a result thereof.
1, Not a great app that I can't live without, but to check my Yahoo mail it does the trick. I do wish it would quit telling me that emails are now grouped into conversations. After months now, I get it.
1, Been my main service for a long time and I am impressed and appreciate it
1, I use it all the time.
1, This Yahoo mail app is fine. It takes you right to your mail with no problem, except when it periodically asks you to sign in for security reasons. My emails show up fine, and if I have to open something, there's no problem.
1, This app is just right. Fast and simple to use and updates easily. I am glad I have it as it makes my life easier to be able to check my emails on my kindle.
1, You can't beat Yahoo mail for a free application that dosen't give you trouble and works all the time. Don't know why anybody would use anything else.
1, that's okay though Yahoo...you sometimes are the slow one in the race, but I will keep you around ;) I do like how you seem to be trainable for spam.
1, This a terrific app for the Kindle for monitoring my Yahoo Mail. I really like it and can do a lot with it. I have one app for monitoring Gmail and this one for Yahoo.
0, I had no problems until several months ago. I use my Kindle and my Android phone to check my email mostly since it is more convenient. But lately it has been quicker to turn on my desktop, I have re-installed it on all my mobile devices and the problems continue. It has become "useful" at this point to see if an email that I am waiting for has come in and if it has, I start up my desktop. I am seriously considering uninstalling this app. And I have had this app for years. This is my 2nd Kindle Fire and have had no problems until several months ago; I thought it was my phone at first, but since it happens on Kindle as well, I waited patiently for a fix or update or a reply from my feedback. If you like banging your head against a wall waiting for this app to unfreeze, show your email, or even open your email, then by all means, download it. If, however, you have better things to do with your time... give it a pass and go to your computer.
1, I really enjoy ordering movies. Lots to choose from. Thanks!
0, As soon as I downloaded this app on my Kindle, Yahoo blocked my email account with a message that this app is not safe and my account was at risk. It has been quite frustrating to restore my account.
0, I have trouble finding older emails now that they are strung together via subject line. Also, I can no longer sort by Sender.
1, works well for my everyday needs
0, I used to like Yahoo a lot more than I do now. My primary problem is how difficult to simply log in. It seems that every time I turn around I have to log in again. I understand that security is a big issue, and maybe it's just me, but I don't like this product like I used to. If I wasn't so lazy I probably would have done so and I don't rule it out for the future.
1, Easy to access all e-mail accounts. Would like to be able to hide left column to read e-mail more easily.
1, YAHOO Very good product, easy to access. It is convenient, and can be used almost anywhere, at home, at the store, at work.
0, They have made changes I don't like . One being yahoo finance can't edit funds anymore!!!! Get me out of here
0, I cant ever sign on on my kindle no matter how many times I change my password! Its a turd.
1, who's not happy to have access to their email, great app, simple to get to your email. Great to have
0, Had nothing but problems with the new Yahoo. Unable to open attachments so I forward to my husband and then can open. There is nothing I like about the new Yahoo. Very disappointed.
1, I just think Yahoo!Mail is the best all around. I love that they keep the spam out of my in box. I only get what I want.
1, Easy to download. So far so good with the app.
0, I don't know if it because it is on the Kindle Fire or what, but why cant I read more than one page of emails. Good start, but needs work to be more User friendly.
1, I love this app,my best friend lives far away and I can't always go to to her house , this app makes our friendship stronger!!!! Same with my cousin and friend who both love in Arizona, I miss them A LOT!!!!!😢so if I could I would give this app six stars but I can't so I stick with five.
0, It's OK as an app. It shows notifications on my phone of new messages which is a good feature. However, I have not figured out how to sign out of it. Otherwise, it's OK if you want Yahoo in Android app form.
1, This App is the world most best app ever for your email and writing to your friends. its cool app, get this.
0, I like my laptop version of Yahoo mail, but I am not all that happy with the Yahoo Ap. Decide for yourself.
1, I love it I can check my email whenever I want, as long as I have wifi. Keeping intouch with family and friends on the go.
1, Needed it , so I have it.
1, Put this app on my kindle and it has worked out really good. Can do multiple deletes. Easy to see and read your e-mails while on your kindle.
1, This app is a great alternative to use instead of visiting the desktop version. It works extremely fast and smooth.
1, Have Yahoo mail for past 10 years, enjoy the security and speed.
0, I can't preview or download pictures from email. Setting shows they are enabled.
1, I have been an avid user of YAHOO for many, many years! The APP provides me easy & quick access to my emails & information. Will be utilized on a regular basis.
1, Good app.
1, Have not had any problems with this app. It works great for me. I am using it on my kindle fire and I am very satisfied.
0, What can you say about an app such as this, either it works well or its a waste of time and money, this app works well for me.
1, I mean, it's an app. I didn't know this was going to show up in my Amazon reviews screen. Oh well. The app works and it works well.
0, Don't like this app.
1, This is much easier to use than the email app that comes with the Kindle Fire. Much more intuitive and eye friendly.
1, Very nice.
1, very surprised with this app.. love it! I get all my mail in one app. keep up the good work
1, Got this app for my Kindle. It works like a charm. I can now access e-mail other computer or cell phone.
1, Seems like a pretty good app overall. It hardly ever hangs
0, Why do I hats this app? Let me count the ways... 1. Doesn't show all your mail. 2. Doesn't let you open everything. 3. Takes forever to open one email. 4. Shows mail you know you've deleted. Do not download. Waste of time!
1, i like it as it is fairly easy to use. only complaint is the trash can icons are sometimes had to hit on a kindle....opens the trash when i try to delete the trash.
0, It takes forever to delete mail or even using marked as read.
1, Slow at times.
1, This app doesn't present any unique features but allows you to easily check and send email. It seems to be free of bugs or crashing and I'm glad I downloaded it.
1, Use this app everyday. It works great. I can see at a glance what I want to read and what I can save for later and delete spam. The only problem I have had is it flashes when you open a new email. Irritating at times. I do like the app,though, and it w o tks great on my kindle.
0, Pretty on the Kindle fire... but all of your trashed emails will need to be erased one-at-a-time...
0, Installed and used for months, then it stopped working. Have reinstalled several times, and no change. Garbage.
1, I have this app on my kindle and is exactly what it's like on a computer. The notification alert works on my kindle unlike the computers supposed alert noises. I have yet to find anything wrong with this app and highly recommend it. I got the app because my boyfriend is in the military and I need the notification noise. We have to talk, email and chat around his schedule so the notification are absolutely wonderful. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
1, Awesome app on my Kindle Fire!
1, The app is so easy to use 😍
1, Quick. Easy to use. Simple. No log out, but I turn off rather then out. Something for them to fix and upgrade/update
1, works great...
0, It's email just email no big deal
0, Not available on kindle fire was not delivered to my kindle
1, Works for me
0, The new version shut my Kindle down even before I could see any of my e-mail. There must be a bug.
1, Great way to keep connected
0, either its my kindle or everybodies kindle but every time I get an email my kindle just beeps really loud
1, What can I say? let me count the ways! It's a great app that for me responds well on my Kindle HD. Easy access, smooth reaction to my touch and as always what you expect from Yahoo as a whole.
1, Great
1, I love it
1, Seems right on
1, Much better than the email app that lenovo provided. Brighter display and better icons. The floating delete,forward, reply icons disappeared and did not consistantly reappear. A quick up swipe was pretty good at getting the icon bar to appear. Boggest gripe was that images wew always wider than the screen. There is a diagonal symbol that fills the screen with half the image but when you use that feature and try to go right or lrst on the image you go to the next or previous email. Biggest benefit of this app is ease to go to next or last email.
1, I like it, just don't know why I can no longer get it through my devices ' mail app
0, Receive to much junk mail
0, Overall, Yahoo mail is the worst e-mail service I have ever used. I had hoped using the app would make the platform more stable and reliable. Wrong. I don't get it. The design and features are nice, but they really don't work as they should. If I didn't have a long-term part time business e-mail connected to Yahoo, I would have moved on and never looked back already.
1, Always loved Yahoo's email. This app does not disappoint.
1, Let's me know what I did or bought quick with just one touch of a button on my kindle fire
1, Great product. Better than expected. Less expensive that the I -Pad and does the job with wi-fi connection. I find it easier to read books on this devise than a hard copy.
1, Perfect
1, The app creates an EASY option to read your free emails via your Yahoo mail account. That's all it does is create a shortcut.
1, Great application
0, If it might be, it could be. If it were so it would be. As it isn't, it ain't. That's logic.
0, Bad
1, good, but I haven't figured how to send email to groups in my yahoo mail lists. Other than that it is great!
1, Full functionality, as expected
0, This app worked fine for quite a while until a few months ago when it quit showing I had mail and it keeps saying session expired and wants me to log back in. I tried deleting and reinstalling and it still doesn't work.
1, ok
0, For me your calandar is linked to your email. I use it and depend on it. I cannot schedule my alerts for a week ahead and I can't see my events on the monthly calendar any more. .
1, Love it
1, It has all of the functions I need. It is much better than the mail client that comes with the Pandigital Android device.
0, I know it's free, but it's no good if I can't use it! Seems like every other update makes it almost unusable. Then one will make it work again, but sure enough, along comes another update to screw it all up again.
1, Easy to use on my phone and lap top.
1, Convenient and awesome! Yahoo is the best!
0, Trying to cancel account, but cannot.
1, Functionally easy, no email fails. Have been using it for many years.
0, Yahoo mail is 100 times worse now 10/9/2013 than it ever was before. Whoever is coming up with this stuff needs to be tarred and feathered. It is lumping replies with the received mail in the inbox, so it is impossible to reply to the same received mail more than once. I absolutely hate it. Each change gets worse,
0, It continues to move downhill. Every "adjustment" makes it worse, far worse, than the original Yahoo mail. Please tell me people have been fired for the changes! The latest "bright idea" is the tab bar which makes the first option "archive" - seriously!!!??? How many times does someone archive their email rather than "move" to folder or "delete". This is a design made (& approved) by people who have no concept of ergonomic use.
0, not having much luck opening it
0, After a brief period of "our engineers are working on it" a new horrid Yahoo has emerged. Adverts yes, after all it is a "free" mail service albeit one that is paid for by advertisers. Now a new level or should I say low has been reached. Adverts on a rolling system are now shown as if the first unopened email. It isn't clever Yahoo, it is annoying and distracting. Complaints have fallen on deaf ears. So now the task of transferring all contacts to another provider. We have a saying in our house when something has been changed for the worse, we call it a disimprovement and Yahoo fits the description perfectly.
0, The app, like all apps, makes getting to the site easy and fast. I find the app completely annoying in that it shows you have new mail even when you don't. The app must be opened to find out all email has been read or deleted from the inbox. Unacceptable in my opinion. Google's app don't require this, why should Yahoo's?
1, Best email app I use.
1, I have used this app for quite a few months and am happy with all aspects except for addressing e-mail.The product description suggests the app will provide help with contact e-mail addresses. I find that on my phone I do get help with addresses but on the Kindle Fire I can only send messages to addresses I have memorized, which is very inconvenient.I have seen an online discussion comment about difficulty with contact list, and I can't even find a way to access Yahoo! Mail contacts.
0, After deleting a lot of email the app locked up and the names of the email remained in the deleted folder. I had to uninstall and reinstall the app to remove the entries. Not that difficult to do but shouldn't be necessary.
1, Having my email where ever I go is a nice way to keep up with communication.
0, I am usually an aol user and have been very happy. I thought I would try something new, so I downloaded Yahoo on my kindle fire and I have had nothing but problems with the mail. I try to send an email, it goes in the outbox and sits. Next thing I know the person is receiving the same email 9 times! That's ridiculous. I have a mysterious email stuck somewhere in my sent folder that doesn't load to see what it is.
0, I like this app, but I just happen to update the Yahoo! Mail app for my iPod touch which enables me to be able to choose a theme/background for my Yahoo! Mail page. And they did the same update for the actual Yahoo! mail page for the computer, including changing the actual logo for Yahoo altogether. So why hasn't this app been updated the same as the iPod touch app and the actual Yahoo! Mail website. It would be nice to see those updates!
1, Love this app. I can quickly run thru my incoming e-mails to see if there is anything impt.
1, I use yahoo so it makes it easier to have app
1, very helpful!
0, I liked it much better in it's previous form. Font colors are much better in gmail. Don't like having to drag around so many previous emails when replying - would prefer to reply to an email with no more than one previous email being sent. I set up a gmail account yesterday & was surprised that it looked like the old Yahoo! Would permanently change to gmail if I didn't have to notify so many people.
1, Five star
1, This is the perfect option when you want to check your mail but do not want to go through the hassel and effort of dragging along a laptop wherever you go.
1, Since I added my Google gmail acct. I’m not liking yahoo mail-I can’t delete my old gmail emails or when I do, the next time I go in they’re back. I would like to get my gmail out if being with my yahoo acct., but I don’t know how.
1, If it works good and simple then I like it very much. I like it and it works fine.
1, Got this app when they stopped service to the installed email app on my Samsung Note II. Works just fine once I figured out how to change email accounts.
1, Try it...It works great !! Easy-to-use.. simple application..
1, What a great way to get your email. Great for business and non business people. Easy to use app
1, had yahoo mail for several years-no reason to change. i recommend to anyone, secure, easy to use, no surprises thjere
1, Does everything it says it will and more. Nice, neat and easy, yeah that's for me!
1, I've used yahoo mail for a long long time, now I just have to get used to the new version. Reliable.
1, I am an old user,and find this app efficient and friendly. I could recommend it to one and all.
1, I use this app on my evo. I got it for my kindle fire. Fortunately, another reviewer said that you have to put it in landscape mode to load your messages. I initially thought it didn't work for the fire. works fine now.
0, This works
1, Love it on my Kendall!
0, Putting in ads is hardly an update especially if it really is going to slow down the app and lose screen space.
1, Works for me! I'm pleased.
1, love having to check my email
1, Wow, solved many problems!
0, It's working okay for now not much problems. Will update as time goes by.
0, Great mail app
0, Couldn't get it to install. Deleted it after considerable time searching the web for instructions.
0, It messed up my login
1, Good
0, After the upgrade, I can't get my messages at all on Kindle Fire....just a loading screen that never loads! I've. tried for days & absolutely nothing is happening...
1, very good mail site
1, Wish it took up less space.
1, good
1, Easy. Efficient. There really isn't much more to say. I had this app on my phone and now I have it on my kindle fire.
1, I like it
1, I like my Yahoo app because it protects my personal information an it scans all attachments letting me know if it safe to open. I have had no problems out of the operation of the app. It serves it's purpose very well for me.
1, Easily accessible
1, I love yahoo, i use it for all my electronics, its user friendly and all my friends use it as well so I am in contact with everyone I need to be with at all times.
1, Works wonderfully, sending and receiving mail
1, Very happy with my mailbox.
0, don't use it.
1, I was using another app and started having problems so download the Yahoo Mail and it works really great! Love my Kindle Fire.
0, What a hassle. I had 3 mail accounts set uo on my Kindle, and Yahoo forced me into this app for 1 account.
1, use it alot
1, Great and easy access to my mail!
1, I would only change one thing! I would put a trash option on the inbox folder just like it is on the spam and trash folders!
1, love being able to check my mail without having to log onto a computer, since I don't use my phone for that purpose. It is great having and so easy to use.
1, fast upload. Clear & concise! Use everyday on my Kindle,
1, I like being able to get my e-mails without having to sign in every time and it's so easy to use
1, Great! No complaints.
1, I like this app and I'm glad that it looks simular to the way my Mail looks on my desk top.
1, I like the streamlined format. No distractions from ads, etc. Easier to view what I need on one screen with my Kindle.
0, More than half of the time app won't work. Basically useless.
0, I was on the Appstore looking for a good mail app, (the mail app that came with the kindle was not working) so I thought, yeah! A free yahoo mail app! Once I downloaded it and tried to make my account, it kept freezing up every time I got on it!! Nah, not a good app, maybe it's free, but don't waste the memory space for it.
1, My wife and I have been using Yahoo mail as long as I can remember.
1, Yahoo mail is great , I love it ....thank you
0, He instalado he varias ocasiones yahoo mail y no puedo abrirlo... me dice: unfortunately yahoo mail has stopped...
0, YOU NEED TO CHANGE EVERYTHING ABOUTH IT. WHEN YOU DELETE MESSAGES THEY STILL SHOW UP IN YOUR IN BOX. MY CONTACTS ARE MISSING
0, Still doesn't work on my Kindle Fire. Very frustrating!!!!!
1, The (older) version I use is very easy to use. It provides me with the service I need.
1, Super Good
1, Everything is great. Easy to use and display is bright & clear. This app is much better than my phone email's display.
0, Having issues with archives folder not available ony kindle fire 7 and my galaxy 6
1, I don't have to go on my laptop every time i want to check my e-mail. It's quick and easy to access.
1, can't be beat
1, love it - this to me is better than and other product - I like it so much I recommended it to a friend
1, Improvement from the initial load on the Thrive. Excellent edit function for marking, deleting, moving, etc. Reading line before opening.
1, Love it. I like the themes that it has and I'm able to get my mail very quickly.. I do recommend this app.
0, This was a nice app, not the greatest in the world, and not worth my time keeping and taking space in my life.
0, It works but I wish they would leave it alone. I like things simple and uncluttered. Stop with all the crap I don't want being added -at least give me the option to remove it.
0, Updated to 5.6.0 today, 6.16.16, on my Kindle Fire. What a mistake. Like others are starting, won't load email over 90 percent of time. Some will load, some take over 30 seconds to load, then some, after loading, if you get out and go to next email and then try to go back to a previous opened email, it won't load. Wish I had read the reviews first. No way to uninstall update like I can on my phone. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling, clearing cache, but did not resolve anything. What a poor update. For something that you have to use their specific app, it is unacceptable.
0, Do not like this format.
1, Love it daily
0, when i first used this app, it worked so well and was so convenient for me that i would have given it a five star rating. however, ever since theyve updated and "improved" the app, changing around some features, it has been more of a hassle. i cant ever switch to other accounts with ease nor at all. when i open the notification on my kindle, it hardly ever opens to the right account. sometimes it doesnt even open the correct email. :( i know it isnt my kindle. it functions properly as it should, so i dont know why im having this trouble with the app. please fix these bugs soon. i loved my yahoo mail app :(!
1, I worked at Microsoft in the 80's. I prefer to avoid their products and Google is to big for their britches. I use products that work well and support under dogs.
1, It is (was) synced with my email account and I had to figure out how to disable it so that my personal life wasn't exposed to the first person to open it. Now password protected.
0, Trash. Doesn't work.
1, My main mail service
1, This app allows me to access my email without delay. I have another email client that was installed on the kindle fire when I got it and, that app became compromised when I had to change my password. The app will not recognize the new password and continues to search for mail using the old one -- which causes Yahoo to send multiple security notices per day. I am using this app exclusively now for email retrieval.
0, I have Sirius on two cars. I couldn't find out easily if i would be charged extra for using the app on my kindle fire. I think I would as an internet option.
1, I've been with Yahoo! Mail since I've had an e-mail account, and I'm probably going to stay forever, but I wish they wouldn't keep making it more "cool" all the time. Every time they add a feature it becomes a little more cumbersome to use. Seems they have a "G-Mail envy" problem; guys, if I wanted an e-mail account that looked and felt like G-mail I'd go there. Just do us all a favor and "let Yahoo! by Yahoo!" & give us back a bigger screen -- and, leave the 7-speed blender option out. I don't need to mix up a daiquiri from my inbox; I just want to read the mail!!
1, I am particularly impressed with how effective it is to sort my email into my folders.
1, I love this app. I had been using my browser on my kindle - this makes getting my emails super easy!
0, after update unable to check email, I guess I have to get anew account somewhere else. although I'fe been with Yahoo for many years
1, Fast and accurate updates to the current calendar day.
1, I like the yahoo email app for my Kindle fire, but cannot figure how to logout of my email account. Everything great, just like using my computer, but logout.
0, Good
0, Graphics are too small and app is hard to navigate. If Yahoo would get their act together and stop tinkering with their site, it would be better to access my emails directly and not through this app. But, there have been some issues with accessing Yahoo Email on the Kindle Fire. So I will keep this app in case I have problems with Yahoo again.
0, Just like I said it keeps freezing or just closing, it lags now and again as well. But every so often it works pretty good. please fix!!!
1, My daughter passed on her kindle to me as a gift. I love the kindle. Yahoo is one of my mail staples and is so easy to use here. Good app, works seamlessly and allows me to move through various accounts.
1, It's awesome I have no complaint
1, This ring is beautiful! My wife half loves it. We ordered 6.5, but it's a little big. Hope the 6 works.
1, it works
1, I love it!
1, This is a great mail app. A good replacement for Gmail and the Mail app that came with my Galaxy 5 and my Kindle. Highly recommended.
1, I have enjoyed using Yahoo for communicating with friends all over the world. It is an easy to use and looks out for user privacy and security.
0, Using it on kindle fire HDX and app freezes, blinks, switches from the mail you're looking at to the next or previous one, crashes constantly, etc. In short, needs LOTS of work....
1, Use Yahoo mail on my computer and tablet, and phone. Love it.
1, Always reliable, easy to use and understand. Has been my old reliable for so many years! Why change something that works!
1, I get my mail.
1, Always get a lot of thoughout the day, I get them on my laptop, blackberry and now with my kindle. I like how easy it is to use!
1, 🙂
0, When this app updates I have to delete it and reinstall It and hope all my data is still there....
1, Great way to go strait to my Yahoo mail and messenger. Works every time I open it and is always synced up!
1, Always use yahoo mail.
1, I prefer using this app on my android device to using outlook on my laptop. I have multiple accounts that I use this app to check and this makes it easy. It provides indications on my device when a new email is received.
1, Nice job Yahoo team.
0, It was fine before they "upgraded" it. Difficult to open. Don't like the way everything is lumped together. Formatting stinks.
1, It works.
1, Helps me keep up with emails no matter where I am. Since most of it has to do with business (I'm an author), it keeps me up to date with my business messages.
1, Great Gift
1, I just downloaded this app on my Kindle last week so it is still new to me. What I have seen so far I like. It is simple and direct with no going through other stuff to get to the mail....
1, I absolutely love Yahoo Mail! It has so much to offer! I use it often with friends; family; and even co-workers! Its a great way to send messages back and forth; especially when you just don't have the time to talk forever.
1, Use it all day every day.
1, Awesomeness
1, I really like the app.. I use it on my kindle fire and it always worked perfectly.... nothing wrong... you can navigate through it easily not hard to understand... I would recommend this app.... you can also be signed in to multiple email at the same time and can switch back and forth by one click...
1, Once I got my two emails to link to my Kindle, it's absolutely wonderful. Love it!
1, I use Yahoo! Mail on my desktop and prefer it on my Kindle Fire HD, but had used another application prior to this download. I was not happy with the other app, which frequently did not work as expected, but had instant success when I began using Yahoo! Mail.
1, This app is perfect and it is easily accessible to get to.
0, I switched to Yahho mail for an additional email account. I spent a lot of time redirecting mail to receive it on Yahoo. The next day I couldn't get into my account because it said it didn't recognize my account. The day before I signed into the account numerous times. I also tried using my mobile phone number, which was my back-up, and it didn't recognize it either. I would recommend Gmail if you need another email. I have never had a problem with Google.
0, I did not choose this rating. I started to tap the screen and the screen changed and then I was asked why I chose this rating. I did not choose a rating yet.
0, keeps trying to update, then the update fails to install. Other than that... pretty good interface. Intuitive.
1, No problem whatsoever! I really enjoy it! Highly recommended app! The best app to looking forward to easily read your e-mails!
1, Only problem I had was I wish it were easier to delete messages but other wise this is a really good app that's easy to work with
0, Cant open photo attqchments at all. Bounces off of email I'm reading when another message is received.
1, I think the Yahoo mail app is the easiest way for me to look at my email.
0, Most of the time it says "not responding at this time." Getting old
0, INITIALLY THOUGHT WOW! NOW NOT SO SURE. WOULD LIKE FORWAD AND BACK WHILE READING AS GOING BACK TO THE MESSAGE. LIST GETS PLD.
0, The app wont recognize my password and keeps informing me my session has expired only moments after I log in. very frustrating ..
0, I didn't realize it would be the same thing
1, Love the fact that you can get your mail on my kindle Fire HD 7
1, It's a great app, easy to work,
0, won't even let me log in. keeps asking if I need password help. Kindle fire. So frustrated as the regular web page doesn't function well with kindle either...
1, Like Yahoo email...ez to do...
0, Doesn't work on my kindle.
0, My yahoo mail worked fine for 10 years now that Amazon uses my email everything is screwed up
1, Extremely handy once you get the hang of moving around in it. I would like to see a quick way to sign out... I do not like leaving any type of personal account open.
1, Its free! My daughter set me up. I can log in to my new Kindle and check my email. GREAT!
1, Nice. Better than last version I tried. I love how you can add the mailboxes of your other emails. Gave it 4 because I still prefer the desktop version.
1, I use Yahoo mail all the time, and the app makes it faster to get there!
0, It does not allow for signing out when used with a Amazon Fire tablet for privacy. NO good. I had to remove it and just access Yahoo mail through a browser.
0, Its works like the web site but if you send yourself a link to pictures to save to a folder you cant open them you have to go to the web to view them. I would only give it 3 stars
1, Yahoo! Mail is the essential tool for connectivity!
0, The Yahoo email app works fine on my newer Kindle Fire HD 8 but cannot be found in the Amazon App Store for installing from/ on our older Kindle Fire HD 7. Because I therefore use the Kindle email app to connect to my Yahoo email, Yahoo sends me a warning and requires me to acknowledge that I understand the risks of using a non approved app EVERY TIME I access my Yahoo email from my laptop browser. Grrrrr! Suggested to Yahoo that they make the app work on Fire HD7 or stop repeating warnings but no response yet.
1, It works for me and I use when I am visiting friends and when I go out to eat.
0, Ads ads and more ads
1, I am very happy with Yahoo mail service: easy to use, easy to weed out mail that I want to keep, great spam filter. I have been using Yahoo mail for 15 years and plan to keep right on doing so.
1, I would rather not have to change my password so often. I have several computers and it is a pain to reset them all. Also, it frequently stops working on my Android devices.
1, I use this app for all my email communication because lots of us love some Yahoo Mail. "YAHOO"
0, Amazingly slow. I usually give up and just check my mail on my phone instead.
0, its stable and ok but it should integrate chat. its ok but its not gmail but if you have yahoo mail its the best to go with a native app.
1, Actually, it turns out that it was easier to use than I had anticipated.
1, It is an easier alternative for your tablet. This is self explanatory I believe. If not, then download the app and make your life easier!
1, Its ok
1, Easier to use than others. I've had Yahoo email for almost 20 years.
1, I'm not always on the go, but it is nice to be able check my email on my kindle from anywhere with a WiFi Internet connection.
1, this is a wonderful service. btw Gàidhlig is an amazing language. learn it.
0, Works fine most of the time. Then, it does not. Quirky. If it worked well always, 5 stars. It's free, so the price is right.
1, Yahoo Mail is the best! Great quality, and syncs well. The only thing I wish was that it was a little faster & had more themes.
1, Nice and clean. I wish all the mail clients were this nice.
0, This is the worst app that I have ever had from Amazon. Yahoo has been constantly advertising this app on the website (when you log-in from your browser, there is always a pop-up asking to download the App or continue in the browser for a year now) but they should've made sure that their product was satisfactory. This app has so many &#34;Not Responding, Click on Wait or Close&#34; that I spend more time closing the App Than checking my mail. There was an update a few months ago that I thought would resolve this issue, but it's still happening. I talked to my friends who have various Kindle Fire tablets and they have same issue. But when it FINALLY lets you check your mail, it will stop while your selecting messages to move or delete. Then, when you click on a message, sometimes you only see a piece of it (if it's not an HTML message). Yahoo or Amazon should remove this app because it's the absolute worst. Just use your browser, it's easier and less time consuming.
1, Awesome app! I love yahoo! It always gives me what I expect and the personal options are perfect. I am a Yahoo girl
1, Good.
1, great
0, I think it is an ok app. But I find that I can not sign out and that is annoying because anyone can pick up my kindle and read my mail. Not very secure. The regular mail is always asking me to change my password to make it more secure yet this app just lets you hang out all bare and naked. No password needed. I don't like that aspect at all. But otherwise it is easy to navigate. I ended up deleting my account and that signed me out and brought me back to the sign in page. I guess that is how one would have to do it in order to stay secure.
0, I hate the green . Always changing things., I wish they would leave it alone . You also have to scroll all the way to the end to reply. I like the way it was before
1, Love the ability to see Email in fun screen. Saves on pulling out the reading glasses. Thank you for the upgrade!
0, Highly adequate. Yahoo stopped on Fire tablet email, and this came to the rescue.
1, Does everything I need it to do.
1, How easy it was to down load
1, User friendly (but don't like the new format on my PC...so I "opted out" of it and changed back to the older format, but it seems like something is still missing!!).
1, This allow me to access my e-mail anywhere there is WI availablity. I do my banking online but haven't figured out if that is doable with my Kindle. fI
0, TOO MUCH SPAM.
1, Gives me a lot of good information.
0, Had to remove it, it kept crashing.
1, Yea yea
0, App does not display images if included in body of mail. Takes an extra tap to display them App does not display complete yahoo address book
1, It's a hundred percent better
1, good app
1, Best mail app out there
0, I have had the same problems on my Fire as the other reviewers. I can only see the first 10 messages, and I had to uninstall because it wouldn't stop notifying me of the same message over and over. It works ok on my htc Thunderbolt.
0, It is very slow to delete. It has no search function. Unless the problem is my tablet.
1, Fats, easy way to get in my email.
0, Awesome
1, Yahoo has very good email the way you can keep in touch with the things you do,people,and places you go
1, No complaints
1, The app does what it needs to. I don't like that I can't really adjust the settings.
1, I love my email
1, I would have given it a five-star but I don't like the suggested emails yahoo gives
1, Good changes
0, every time i try to open the app it crashes. its a worthless app. wouldn't waste my time downloading it
1, I don't know what everyone is complaining about. This app works great on my Kindle Fire and downloaded in less than 2 minutes...Love it!
0, Was a great app on the Fire. Simple and easy to use. When I tried to download an update today, well,it's still installing 8 hours later.
1, it works great! if you've had trouble sending or receiving you need to try this out. its really good. no problems with it at all.
1, best way to check your yahoo email
1, Easy to use. Loads quickly and with few problems.
1, this app is absoloutly one of the most easiest apps a have ever used its so easy to handle and access the e-mail
1, yahoo is the best email out there. I love it. I have had an account with yahoo for years without any problems at all.
0, this app was free so why do i need to rate it. this is silly and i want my money back.
1, Nice app. We forward our Outlook and Gmail email from our PC's to Yahoo to ensure we receive all of our emails on our Tablets, and SmartPhones. It works great. This was necessary because Outlook deleted emails from the server after they were downloaded to our PC. Even though Outlook 2013 now keeps our emails on the server for one day after they are downloaded to the PC, it is still necessary to do this.
1, It works like it should
1, 1
0, very convient but as soon as I got this app. my spam free mail started to get polutted. shame on you developers
1, work great
1, Yahoo!
1, ok
0, Worst app ever.
0, It did not work. It would not open.
1, A convenient way to access your email. Given 4 stars for the Times it may not open immediately but this is not a huge issue for this app. It works and turning to landscape offers a bigger view of text.
0, I had to change my ID site on my regular laptop. However, when I went to my Kindle, I no longer was able to access my email. I tried several times to remove and reapply the app to see if that would resolve the issue but it did not. Had the same problem with the other email app that combined my AOl email account and the Yahoo. With that one I can only access the AOL and the Yahoo mail is just there, frozen in time with the last day that I had used it before the change.
1, easy to set up with just email address and password. No need to input server names and settings. Syncs with web site I use on desktop PC. I switched to this after the Android email program started to fail to open repeatedly.
0, No matter what I do using Yahoo, home page, email, etc,,, it is filled with ads, it even cuts my pages in half and I cannot maximize to get rid of the ads. The mail is awful, it does nothing to enhance the experience, it is not user friendly, I have been too busy to find another one but I am going to.
0, I enjoy the way it is set up and that I get notifications, it is a little slower to receive emails than on my phone. I also hate the fact that when I'm trying to read an email it constantly refreshes for a while and ends up back at the top of the email, it is extremely frustrating. I also wish that if you leave the app with a link you should be able to go back to the email in the spot you left it. Over all I don't mind this app I just wish it would get more updates
0, It will not open my email I have to go to yahoo homepage then my mail open but I have to delete each one I do not like this I have tried everything I know to fix this but nothing works so I do not check my email I have all most 2000 I want to get rid of them what can I do?
1, I've only had it a couple of days, but it looks pretty good. I need to figure out how to stop the Fire from beeping every time I get a new email though. Actually I was pleasantly surprised that Yahoo Mail was available on the Fire tablet.
0, This app will likely not sync your contacts. It does work for some people but is a low percentage. I would not rely on this app to save or bring over contacts. I advise you to go to yahoo's website and manipulate your contacts from their webpage and not this app. Other than contacts the app seems fairly reliable for emails.
0, This new system makes me want the old one back. The jazzy colors are not enough. There is no icon for a full screen display. When reading mail, a new message will return me to the beginning, a very annoying interruption. I was happy with the old one and will use it if I can get it back.
1, I have used yahoo forever. When I got a kindle fire everything was different. Then I found the app and it believe it or not got better. I love the themes. Looking forward to whatever they do in the future. YAHOOOOO
1, I enjoy the app because it makes it easy for me to be able to get all of my email and it is reliable at any time.
1, Easy to access and use.
1, Working well
1, Great reminder.... thanks
1, It works on kindle alright!
0, The app is awful. I receive more spam than ever before. It us a frer app, and stoll not worth it.
0, this app is no good!! Doesn't work...
1, just great
0, It's a serviceable app.
0, I felt a little "bullied" into putting this app on my Kindle, as every time I tried to access my mail through Yahoo, it would take me to a message that said " down load this app". Well it does make it easier to look at your mail, but only when I can get it to work. Most of the time it will not allow me to delete junk mail or it will cause the whole device to freeze. The only fix for this is to remove the app from my Kindle and download it again. I have to do this about once a week.
1, Works great 👍
0, I am having difficulty with the slow speed to open the app, open any mail and deleting. Not good at all. I am using a Kindle.
1, I use this app daily. Generally, it does the job.
0, I have no problems with this app other than it is slow to load. It takes a few minutes to load my mail and delete things. Not sure why there is such a delay; every other app runs fine on my kindle, except for this one. It is slow to load new mail too.
1, Can't say nothing bad...love me some Yahoo Mail
1, Incredible! Wonderfully easy
1, Works great on my kindle, nice format and features. Had to download because the native ap was getting fussy, not working correctly.
1, I like it it is nice to have!😇🙏😎
1, Works great
1, Tried and true. Happy to have the continuity it gives me.
1, Great app. Cuts down on the need to go through the log in process and make viewing emails a cinch.
0, the app has been unstable on my android for the past 6 months or so. when it works, I do like it but a lot of bugs recently.
1, delivery was 3 days ahead of promised
0, Current version fails to display text of emails on Fire HD6 with latest OS. The whole point of an email app is to enable the user to actually READ email messages. How did this joke of an update make it through beta testing? Please fix ASAP.
1, Do have any problems
0, Had too much problem every time I tried to access my new email account even I remember password!! Oh.. well..
1, This app works great.
1, I'M happy with the app,it does the job and I have no complaints at all. It's not slow at all.
1, Great app. It works as it suppose to. Super service, I get my emails on a timely basis. So good.
1, I am using Yahoo Mail on my Kindle and it is pretty good. Easy to download and view attachments. The only issue I have is that it doesn't seem to refresh easily.
0, I love Yahoo Mail and have used it every day for at least 15 years. So I thought an app for my Kindle Fire would be a great way to check my mail while I'm out. Sure you can access your e-mail account through this app, and see if anyone's sent you an e-mail. You can compose a new one, reply (although typing on the Kindle Fire isn't the best experience) but the app developers have forgotten the most important thing you need with an e-mail account. The ability to log out so your bank statements, share trade confirmations, passwords for other websites, personal correspondence, payslips and everything you get e-mailed isn't there for any thief who steals your Kindle Fire to just press the Yahoo Mail app icon and have your inbox appear on the screen without having to enter your username or password. Ridiculously that's exactly what they can do with this app. Even if you have turned off your Kindle, when you turn it back on you can still get straight back in, and even if you don't even touch the app, your notifications in your Kindle show whoever has taken it your e-mails anyway. Even pressing the Kindle's back arrow on the menu doesn't log you out like occurs with most apps. Kindle Fires are portable small devices, much more chance of being stolen from your bag, locker at your workplace, while your travelling or wherever you take it than someone breaking into your house and stealing your PC, yet users are even less protected.
0, Worst email. I am struck with it. I prefer GMAIL a lot better. Yahoo email has so many advertisements and is very annoying. They send tons of spam and they dont filter it. GMAIL does a very good job in filtering spam. Also, GMAIL features are great. DO NOT SIGN UP for YAHOO EMAIL. You will regret doing so.
1, Took a short while to learn the new interface, very useful for hopping between and managing all my email accounts
1, Love this app. Direct link to my email. No fuss, no mess, just easy to use. I can easily brows all my folders, send email and move things around. One of the many reasons that I have never changed my yahoo account. They have always delivered a superior product.
1, Easy to use, can get great resolutions on my photos. Much easier to read than my phone.
0, Yahoo Messenger is no where to be found
0, Sending yahoo mail attachments has been very frustrating. It only works sporadically. You click add attachments and when you select a file it does absolutely nothing. Wasting way too much time with yahoo. Going to Hushmail and getting rid of ATT all together.
0, I didn't try the app after reading the reviews but wondering if everybody knows you can use the email app on kindle fire. It doesn't have the "Yahoo" lable but you don't get the ads either.
0, Too frequently I recieve "Done, with error" messages or Just dune and an empty in box when the drop down screen shows there are a number of unread messages. Additionally, yahoo has become so overloaded with high leve graphics advertising that it simply take to long to get from one piece of mail to the next while I wait for the adertisment to finish loading. I am seriously considering switching to MSN.com for all my internet interests.
0, not enough room for incoming mail, difficult to delete more than 3 messages Have a hard time to skip to other dates. found out that is hard to use, even to forward or return mail.
1, The features are visually pleasing, easy to use and navigate. lots of additions make this app feel like a powerhorse. wish my gmail app would do the same. no mor jumping around from app to app, this one has all features like what your pc has. love it!
1, I mostly use my laptop for my emails, but the Fire is a nice portable device that I can take anywhere so this app is great. The few times I've gone anywhere and have taken the Fire it's been nice checking to see if there's anything important in my email.
1, I have had tremendous success with Yahoo mail and it is without doubt for me my favorite. I am able to navigate through the different aspects within the mail system with tremendous ease and any problems I have encountered have resolved easily and proficiently.
1, If you have ATT or just Yahoo mail, this is an excellent app. Easy to use, no problems. Much better than setting up your email thru the Kindle email app. Love that you can personalize the design/colors.
1, Before downloading this app, I had the email on my smartphone that you created... and it was so annoying because you couldn't click on the "links". This app makes checking my email on my Kindle like checking it on my laptop. I love it!
0, ok. so this app worked great for awhile. but now I will be on a different site or in the middle of composing a yahoo email and the thing will just scroll itself to the folder screen or to Yahoo from face book. uninstalling. taking over my kindle with a mind of its own and I'm now getting non secure loading messages which I never got before. bye bye infiltrating yahoo app
1, It is great to have Yahoo at my fingertips. I have had an account with Yahoo for many years and it is great to use. I do have a problem with the inability to forward but that is a problem with all my Yahoo mail.
1, Yahoo mail is OK, it lets me know when there is mail, inbox or spam. I don't have to get on the computer to find out if I have any mail. It works to my benefit.
1, Really like being able to sort my mail in different ways such as sender!! lay out is pretty decent Lends itself well to mobile use If there is an issue, its is that it is sometimes a little slow and the spam filter could be better
0, I liked the app, but I think there needs to be a way to log out of my email between uses. I am sure it doesn't have this right know because all you have to do is turn on your tablet and there are your emails, but I am nervous that this will make it easier for someone to hack into my email. I would use this app again if I could log out of my email between uses, staying logged into my email account just makes me too nervous.
1, Excellent
1, I fine it very easy to use.
0, Confessing...can't figure out how to delete messages, pretty, but not user friendly
1, I like it .
0, Yahoo Mail has been adding features but I still find it buggy. In my experience it loses email contacts now and then. I have certain folders that I can't send email into. Even when I created a new name and opened up a new folder the problem persists. Sometimes an email that I have been composing will get deleted and there is no back up copy. These are a few of my favorite complaints. I stay with Yahoo because I can log on and get access to my mail when I am away from my own computer. I have had the same email for years and that is get for keeping in touch with people. The price is reasonable.
0, Wish I had read the reviews before downloading, can't log out and will have to delete. AVOID UNTIL THIS IS FIXED!!
0, Emails are harder to read.
1, I can now delete all my junk mail at the same time. Love it… and I can personalize my own mail page. I like it lets not change it anymore job well done. Natehunt
1, I have had Yahoo email since the beginning, since yahoo has been around. Now during the age of tablets and WiFi, I have seen no difference in the Yahoo mail experience. It has always worked, easy to navigate and organize. Never had issues with spam or infected emails. Never had a desire to use another service. Keep up the good work, Thanks
0, I put in my pw and it starts to log in and then goes right back to log in screen saying session expired. log in again. so frustrating!
1, So far I like it 👍
0, I didn't care for the ads that came with this app.
1, Item as described.
1, I like it.
1, I have had yahoo for over 10years so it was a no-brainer!
1, Glad I could get it
1, keeps me in contact
1, nice
0, Nothing special about it. Just for reading and sending mail back and forth. I have no complaints about it at all.
1, use it all the time
0, Yahoo changed the mail program. I hate it and changing to Bing. Can't read or see all of the inbox at one time and there is no place to click for next page. Trying to navigate thru the new one, I deleted some that needed to be saved. They didn't go to the trash, they were just gone. Moving on from Yahoo.
1, quick and easy access to my email and laid out to check it without opening it up. works great! Best app ever
0, Can't log in. Keep s giving me wrong password
1, This app is fantastic.Can surf the web, order what I need, then check the confirmation asap using this app. Thanks!
1, Love it thanks
1, I am really impressed by Yahoo email. .They do not allow the use of obscene language. I think perhaps the best thing of all now is that. the parènts are being given more controloinñ
1, The set up is really nice and easy on the eyes. I love be able to go directly to my emails its so much simpler to use.
1, I find this app to be easy and User friendly. I keep the short cut on my kindle fire. I would pass on this app to any one.
0, My yahoo incoming emails are no longer received.
0, My Kindle Fire HD is incompatible with this yahoo app. I recently had my contacts disappear. I cannot open attachments. My password is not recognized by yahoo when I try to add another account in an attempt to rectify the problems. However the Yahoo on my PC does respond. So, the password is correct. I can receive mail, but not forward it, as I have no contacts. Since my PC is my only means of using yahoo email, I am extremely limited. The Kindle is portable, but useless when it comes to yahoo email.
0, A little glitchy. Sometimes deletes emails on it's own.
1, Works great for me!
1, Good and stuff
1, Great app!
1, I can view all my emails from my fire I can see my mail a lot better
1, I think it's a great application an very easy to check my email. Very easy to read and use. Overall I give it a ten on a one to ten.
0, Too many glitches! Slow to load all emails. Reports more emails than what it actually shows in the inbox at all times.
1, I've been disappointed with the changes made to Yahoo! Mail over the past couple of years, but this app is surprisingly functional and useful. I use Yahoo! Mail for business and have multiple accounts. The app allows you a to sign into different Yahoo Mail accounts and switch between them. You will also receive incoming mail notifications on your Kindle Fire. I have yet to compose/send mail via this app, though, but for what I use it for, I was pleasantly surprised.
1, I like Yahoo mail a lot.
0, I have two Yahoo accounts so Im logged into both of them on the app. it really sucks when it wont allow me to switch accounts so I can view my emails. it takes days for ot to allow me to switch accounts. the faster way for me to view the other account is to sign out of one to view the other and vice-versa. and sometimes it wont delete emails that were suppose to delete. other than those two problems its an ehh ok app I guess.
1, Easily available and always ready to go. Wish there was less spam always clogging folders that need to be deleted.
0, Yahoo was number one in the past. I have used it for years. Now I can't even sign in. Melvin Morger.
1, I found that this is the best e-mail program to date!!
0, Very slow, poor filtering, no sorting
1, this app runs great and is very User friendly! I would recommend this for any one who is on Yahoo.
1, Amazing
0, Very cumbersome. The interface with its own features is terrible.
1, It's good
1, Excellent app
1, Not bad. Always stick with yahoo.
1, Lovely patchwork pattern. Since I Didn't want to use a bed skirt, I Should have ordered king sized,but am pleased with it.
1, I love Yahoo mail. Very easy to use. The fact that you can go into your spam folder and view/read each individual email in there, as well, is a welcome feature compared to other email programs I have used in the past.
0, Don't really like it. When you open up the email then again to show images. Most emails have images so that is a step which should be part of opening the email. My preference would see the time the email was received not how many hours ago it was received.
0, Yahoo Mail will not allow you to sign-out of the app. When you enter Yahoo mail from the Yahoo! web site there is a feature that allows you to sign-out of your account, but the app will not allow that. Not being able to sign-out means that anyone who picks up the device can hit the app and read/use your e-mail. I am going to delete the Yahoo App.
0, I am used to the older one, so I was a little confused
0, Can't see email messages since update ojn my Fire!
0, I LOVED yahoo mail. But now since there is no "foward Tap" I hate it. I was never a fan of landscape but now I have no choice to use it. YAHOO PLEASE BRING BACK "FOWARD TAP"!!!!!!!!!
1, Great app! Easy to use and very convenient.
1, Took some time to get use to new format, but all is good.
0, What I don't like is how my new mail shows up on my iPhone. It will take some getting used to I suppose, but my initial reaction is unfavorable.
0, i'm getting over yahoo period...they are changing things for the worst. I have deleted this app.
1, Great app
0, It has the same capabilities as the e-mail app that comes with the Kindle. Neither has a box for selecting all messages for a mass deletion process. I deleted it from my device.
0, Yahoo is horrible. The older versions worked easier and smoother. I only keep it because I have had it for 16 years and all my contacts over those years have Tha email address.
1, It's handy but sometimes it takes too long to connect to WiFi. It spins so long that I just stop the connection. Can be better.
1, Great to use in-house when I can't be on the desktop. I do not think anyone could get my personal information with this open app. I like that I don't have to sign in .
1, Good
0, I did like it format. I could not find out how to log off of the yahoo. my mail was open all the time. If anyone knows how to log out of it,,it would be great.
0, but i am EXTREMELY annoyed that you can't log out once you are logged in. I have multiple accounts and can't sign out of the one to sign into the others! If this problem is remedied, i will give it 5 stars
1, Enjoy the news page and keeping up with my friends through e-email. I love all the options and getting recipes from my favorite sites.
0, Don't use it
1, Great app!
1, At first I wasn't' sure about an app for yahoo mail because I was worried that what if I lost it. Well after thinking....I lock mine anyway. But really I like it because I Don't have to log it everyone now. So my advice, get it for ease.
0, I would like to use this as my primary email app on Kindle Fire because it's generally comfortable to work with, but sometimes the right email won't display in the reading pane when I click on it in the list. Pretty annoying.
1, Easy and painless to use, what more can you ask for in an email app?
1, When I can't get online with the desktop version I usually can on the app. The update worked well on the Kindle Fire.
0, This App is so garbage it's beyond belief, it reapplys mail you erased and it takes forever to check for new mail and screws up when accessing the side bar. If you can't find a better app, I suppose it will meet your basic needs.
1, This is my mail browser.....rarely do I have a problem with any thing. It's always up and running..and when it is down..it lets you know.
1, Have not found a single glitch yet. Works well for just checking email. I think its cool how you can Chang the theme.
1, Makes checking emails on the go very easy.
0, I had no choice but to switch to this app because my yahoo email started to have issues with my previous email app. It is not much different. The only thing I don't like is doesn't display how many emails I have.
1, I was hoping to get a program for the kindle to help me with my emails. This one worked out just fine.
1, Very practical and easy to use
1, Had several other email apps in the past with frequent problems. Has recent yahoo app that wouldn't delete trash mails so deleted the app and downloaded this one. Has worked great in all functions so far ( that's why 4 stars).
1, I love this app.
1, Handy access to e-mail. Easy to check on the fly.
1, Love it. Have had it forever!
1, Love Yahoo Mail.
1, Been using yahoo mail for years!! Really like it.
1, Wonderful. Can't tell the difference err between this and my laptop
1, I would have given it a five-star but I don't like the suggested emails yahoo gives
1, Good changes
0, every time i try to open the app it crashes. its a worthless app. wouldn't waste my time downloading it
1, I don't know what everyone is complaining about. This app works great on my Kindle Fire and downloaded in less than 2 minutes...Love it!
0, Was a great app on the Fire. Simple and easy to use. When I tried to download an update today, well,it's still installing 8 hours later.
1, it works great! if you've had trouble sending or receiving you need to try this out. its really good. no problems with it at all.
1, best way to check your yahoo email
1, Easy to use. Loads quickly and with few problems.
1, this app is absoloutly one of the most easiest apps a have ever used its so easy to handle and access the e-mail
1, yahoo is the best email out there. I love it. I have had an account with yahoo for years without any problems at all.
0, Works great, then there is an update to fix something.....then it sucks. then they update it and it works great again. If you like a love/hate relationship, you will late/hate this app!
1, This app lets you view your yahoo mail at anytime. It works great most of the time. Have only had problems a couple times when it didn't load up right. But it is nice to be able to look at your email from wherever you are.
1, I have enjoyed the Yahoo mail app on my iPad and my Kindle Fire HDX both. It syncs well with both apps as well as my computer. I love organizing my mail into different folders. This is superior to the very glitchy Gmail app.
1, I've been using yahoo mail since my first deployment in the desert storm days. I had one little glitch, but it was because it needed an update, which I did and my E-mail came right through. I use a home computer for most work, but love the quickness of getting my E-mail while traveling. Great product.
1, I do understand the meaning of this.Yahoo mail?Purchased and want review? That's crazy.I don't believe this.
1, I love Yahoo mail so much, I've been with Yahoo since 2001, the best thing I like from Yahoo is that even if you delete a message you could go back and look for it in the search bar. All my collegue work I saved it with Yahoo mail instead of a USB, I felt save saving my work. I have other emails but is nothing compare like Yahoo
0, Like the quick access to mail, but upon sending emails it began sending to outbox, could never recall from outbox, it would be working to load from outbox but nevercompleted the download. For that reason could never clear outbox, just kept adding everytime I would send. Several emails just vanished into the cloud? I just don't like being hamstrung by idiosyncrasies of any system and deleted with extreme prejudice. Back to the old login on Yahoo, slower but seems to always work.
1, Always up to date!
1, I use Ymail or Yahoo mail for most of my email. Easy to use and has nice features.
1, Nothing visual.. Just.. Those Cyber fears
1, Love Yahoo mail
1, Have been a Yahoo mail user for many years. This app is amazing .
1, Works very well
1, Easy to navigate...
1, Very helpfull and responsive. Had my emxail up and going in "lickity-split" time.😃
0, I don't like it on my tablet like this try to delete it but it wont delete thank you
1, Love it its a part of my everyday life. Good job y'all did super! I use it on my tablet and phone and iPad thank you.
0, Why do companies change things that do not need fixing.the new mail system is a joke
1, Ok
0, It doesn't work. Yahoo wants to make things pretty with no quality. I really resent having made a yahoo email.
1, STILL DISCOVERING BUT I LIKE WHAT I FOUND
1, Great app for my tablet to keep up with my e-mails.
0, This app is a waste of space. And it takes up a lot of space. It kicks me out over and over after only a couple seconds and tells me that my session has expired. It won't allow me to download or even view attachments. Plus many more issues. I have tried deleting it and redownloading it, but that doesn't help. Please fix.
1, It's awesome
1, I like it.
1, Great app!
1, Mail stopped working on Kindle for no reason. Downloaded the App which is working very well.
1, Works fine
0, not good
1, Works well
1, like the new site for email.
1, I like this app so much better than the default app on the kindle fire. This is very close to what you get on your desktop or laptop computer. Nice features, very user friendly. Definitely an app to add to your inventory.
1, Works like a dream! Almost as good as being on my computer!
1, I like the quick resolve time and it's easy to use.
1, this is the mail box of choice for me. I have used Yahoo mail since 1998 I think. I've tried many other types of mail, but drop them after a while because I just like the visual of the Yahoo layout. I have lots of storage and can file emails in categories of my choosing.
0, Shows email as a blank page. Fire Gen 5 user
1, Yahoo! Mail is a solid app that you should definitely get if you prefer a stable, concise, dedicated mobile app for one of the world's most desirable email service providers. I love the interface's sharpness and contrast and the way that I works predictably in relation to its non-Android counterparts. FYI, at present, there's a tiny dynamic ad link at the top of the default inbox, but I'm not sure if that's the case for premium Yahoo! Mail customers. Yahoo! is really seems to be rolling out a lot of apps and features lately, and I can't help but be somewhat impressed with the results.
1, I added Yahoo Mail to my Fire HD 10 Tablet. It works as well on the Fire as it does on the PC. In fact, I like the app better on the Fire as a notification shows when I receive mail.
0, Stop asking to access my contacts! If I say no once do not ask again. Really!
1, Works really well. I just wish you could shut off the notifications. I swore I could do it once before but I haven't been able to find it since they ran a few updates.
0, Ever since i got this app i have been getting spam in my mailbox disguised as me. My friends have also been getting emails from "me" that are ads for Viagra. These are respectable ads like you would see on a magazine, so it appears that my email address book was either hacked or sold via this app. Other than that, the app works fine, but i still think the resident email app that comes with the Fire works better. I will be deleting this app from my Fire.
1, Still learning but great app
1, My mail provider of choice.
1, It works like the website. It is good and looks fine. Don't know much else to say but that's doing good.
0, I got this to access my email on my kindle while away from home. It works as good as having it on your computer or phone.
0, Since the new update from yahoo, yahoo mail has been aweful!! Takes forever to load, when you send an e-mail instead of sending it to whom you sent it to, well, intended it to be sent to, IT SENDS IT BACK TO JUST YOU!! THEN.. Got all the conversations all listed in same e-mail hard to tell what is going on.. I USE TO LOVE YAHOO, BUT SINCE UPDATE, THINKING OF CHANGING MY E-MAIL.. IF I WANTED ALL THE REPLIES, ECT IN ONE E-MAIL, I'D IM OR FACE BOOK.. THERE SHOULD BE AN OPTION TO FIX THIS, IT IS EXPECIALLY TO USE THESE FEATURES CHECKING E-MAIL ON MY KINDLE.. I WENT IN SETTINGS SAID YOU COULD STOP IT THERE, BUT NO SUCH LUCK.. PLEASE YAHOO.. FIX THIS..
0, This app will not lost pictures to my Kindle Fire HD. I have to go to SILK to open Yahoo Mail to be able to open pictures and other attachments.
0, Too crowded seemed cluttered
1, Works well on my Kindle.
1, This works great for going and looking at my email accounts. I have 2 accounts and it is simpler than using my computer!!
1, Maybe it is because I started with Yahoo with my first computer but I have never had any problems with my emails or the site. I am completely satisfied with all the aspects of the program.
0, So yahoo has started charging for ad free email, as if we need to pay to not get junk email.
1, This app gives you access to all your Yahoo Mail. I use it when I want a quick look at my mail for important messages when I'm not at home or I dont want to actually go on the computer. The Kindle app is the same as the android mobile app.
1, I have had Yahoo a long time and have been pleased with the results I have always recieved from my well established account and have no need or desire to bog my computer down with any other site. Thank You Tammy
1, I had an ap that was very limited. It finally crashed while I was traveling which forced me to figure another way to read my mail on my kindle. So far it has been quite a bit better.
1, To many adds don't like at all.......
1, Baller app for reading your underdog Yahoo mail. I can't say anything bad about its performance. Super smoov...yep with a "v"...that's really outstanding in hood rat speak!
1, I only use this for my Yahoo.com mail account and for that it works great.
1, It operates as expected. Just like signing into regular yahoo mail. I would have liked a sign out option though. But I guess that is to be expected since it is an app for a highly personal device.
1, This app is very accurate. It's just like using yahoo on a computer. I really like how you can choose a background for your email... and is not like most email apps where you can't view anything except your in box, you can actually see what is in the trash what you've sent, etc. If you have a yahoo account, you should Download this app, it's amazing.
1, No problem learning to use.
1, Find Yahoo to be a very reliable app. that receives and holds my mail of sorts the good to the spam messages. Use this numerous times throughout the day.
1, Works well on my kindle!
0, Yahoo mail loads so slow
1, I've been using this app since my first smartphone and I think it is quite good! Very stable and easy to use.
1, Better than other apps. I have tried logging via Yahoo & always get an add & cannot get to log in. Other apps - not User friendly. One - I cannot log out. I have uninstalled this app 2x. Thus time - it is a keeper.
1, I am able to see my email, sent, draft, trash, and other folders. I really like it, I'll keep it.
0, It doesn't work right. Nor does the Messenger. Needs to be fixed soon or I will delete it along with the others.
0, I was somewhat satisfied with Yahoo Mail until they started changing it every couple of years. In December they changed it again. The new look is horrible! It has no personality at all. It's boring and all the theme colors are muted.They give you several different themes you can use but they are all awful. And now when my email come in I can't see the pictures unless I open the pages with my browser. This takes alot more time to sort thru my emails. You can send a message to Yahoo but I'm sure they don't read or care that they have the worst email outthere and no customer service.
1, Very complete and easy to navigate. I just need to practice more finesse with the touch screen to move e-mails to saved folders.
1, I love my Yahoo mail they made some changes recently and I was not happy. They must have had a lot of complaints before they corrected it. Now its great again.
1, Good
1, The mail loads up easy
1, I like having this app on my kindle. It's nice not having to go to the web area to type in the web address each time.
0, ok
0, Had some trouble with this app.
1, Does the job!
0, Yahoo mail is fine for my needs but the font is to small on the opening page. I should be able to read the message as I open my mail. I also wish that when you delete your junk or trash, etc you could delete all in one action.
0, i like the layout but it did not transfer over my contacts from other Yahoo mail app, so i have to save them one by one. Overall font is tiny as well
1, I have used Yahoo Mail for a long time and enjoy using it. I know there are other email systems available.
1, Yahoo mail has been the easiest mail that I have found. It's very easy to set up and operate.
0, Useless on Samsung
1, i love this app! it is a quick easy way to use your email! you dont have to continually log in and sending and recieving emails is easy! my only complaints are that i cant figure out how to add a contact on this app and at the bottom of each email it says sent from yahoo mail on android and i have to erase it every time i send an email. other than that i prefer it over useing a computer!
1, This is a great download. Its simple and very convient on my kindle. Only problem is turning off the notifications. Other than that I really love it!!
1, Like it to a point
0, Works pretty well on my Kindle. Obvious problem is creating mail as I am not adept at the touch keyboard on the kindle itself. I can however, read my mail and view multiple e-mail accounts from my kindle.
1, Has been my preferred email for 20+ yrs. Always resolve issues. Pleasant staff. End product= reliable.
1, Never have any problems with this application. Send me alerts so o know when o have a message or need to sign back in. Don't have any complaints whatsoever
1, Easy to set up and use!
1, We got this for our son who we needed and more wanted a email address for but we also wanted to have access too. He has grandparents that are located around the country as well as a couple older sibs and lets face it, email is just a integrated part of our culture. We set this up for him on his kindle and we have access to it so we can monitor it in case things that we don't want him seeing come up. There are a lot of bad things out there trying to get at our kids and any advantage we can take to help curb this is great. Now he is use this as a tool of communication and we can have peace of mind that he is using it.
0, On other iOS devices, Yahoo Mail is a pretty good app. However, on the Fire Phone, it's clunky, slow and downright annoying at times. One of the most problematic features is the fact that when reading an e-mail, if you expand the message to say, see a photo closer, if you start moving around in zoom in mode, the next thing you know, you are reading the next or previous message. Also, the app seems to take quite a while to initially load messages and refreshes the message list EVERY TIME you go back to the list...which means you stare at a spinning set of arrows for up to 30 seconds. I don't know why the list is not cached until the user refreshes the list (like the Apple version of the app.) It is almost problematic enough to want it use the web based mail if it wasn't for the annoying pop up encouraging you to use the app instead...
0, I used to love this app, until the update a week or so ago. Now, it freezes constantly, forgets to notify me, and looks ugly. Also, I have deleted the same messages 3 times, just to find them back in my inbox! Please fix this soon! I'm missing important emails because of these fails.
0, I continue to have a lot of problems with Yahoo. Just now - again - while writing an email the internet stopped working "due to a program interference" and cut off my note. Yesterday I had to rewrite an email 4 times and then send it piece mail in order to get through. If this problem isn't fixed soon - I have complained before - I plan to drop Yahoo.
0, If you want to fully manage your yahoo mail, this app falls short. It only displays the most recent 10 messages and the messenger feature doesn't work on the Fire. It is a good app for keeping you up to date, but difficult to use if you get a lot of emails to that address.
1, I'm very pleased with the Yahoo email app. I really couldn't or wouldn't be without it. I check my email each evening long after I shut the computer down & many times I find things in there that need my attention right away. This app lets me do that.
1, It helps me with all my needs had it now since 2008.
1, Some of my emails that I've always had come to my inbox, have been winding up in Spam. Why?
0, Yahoo mail is my primary mail, it's great on the kindle, BUT, when I am veiwing an email, the images and everything keep flashing. :(
0, Yeah, this is pretty bad and sad. Don't know where it took a wrong turn but it needs to get back on the road. The upgrade is bad, I'd prefer that it go back to the way it was before it was upgraded. Sometimes people, not all things need a change
1, I have been using Amazon.com since the 1990s when it first came to my attention. I would say that the only shortcoming that I have experienced is the difficulty in contacting a human being by phone. The products are satisfactory, the delivery is outstanding, and the prices appear to be reasonable.
1, Yahoo finally has a decent app for mail. I don't know how long it took them to get to this point, but the new app works quite well.
1, Like yahoo easy to use. No trouble with getting emails. No trouble signing in. The app is easy to see because of the color. Just fun to use.
0, I have had to uninstall this app because of its glitches. It constantly hangs, and whenever I first try to open it, I get the message that it has failed to respond. Then I am forced to try again. It takes about four times each time in order to finally read my emails. This finally became really annoying and I threw up my hands in defeat! I unfortunately had the same problem on my Android and uninstalled it on that device also. I give!! Really! The white flag is raised!
1, Its nice to be able to check your email on my Kindle Fire, I can take my contacts with me as I travel..
0, I have tried uninstalling and re-installing this app multiple times on my Droid turbo and it still crashes every time I try to log in. I get the message &#34;Y! Mail has stopped working at this time.&#34; Worthless.
0, I am going to Gmail rather than deal with all the advertising.
1, Very happy with Yahoo.
1, item arrived on time it was OK
1, I only got this app because of not being able to access my mail on the kindle email app. Honestly the kindle app was superior. This app is harder to swipe away stuff you want to delete.
1, Simple app to use on the fire tablet, although I have been using another app Typeapp which can add several emails, and switch easily in between, so no longer use this one.
0, Yahoo on web-browser is great. but Yahoo Mail app on Smart phones, sucks. it's slow and google is BEST
1, I have had Yahoo forever so it was nice to put it on my kindle. I probably will always have Yahoo.
0, It doesn't always work. It opens mail without me clicking on the site. I won't to delete some mail and I can't.. I do like being able to see all mail at one time.
1, It does what i expected it to do .The transformation from my computer to the Kindle was easy and without complications.
0, Works good, but I don't know how to search. This is an essential function for me, so if I can't figure out a way, to do that, it won't be that great of an app for me.
1, Super purchase
1, Very helpful.
1, I was upset that I couldn't scroll down past 10 of my emails, untill I desided to look at some reviews to see what everyone had to say about it.... and found that all you have to do is turn your kindle length wise and it will show all your emails. Once you've done that, you can turn it back to horizontal, and it will work that way too. I t works great. :)
1, Great
1, It's very good and easy .
1, Yes, I love it! I can check my email instantly wherever I am. Thank you for making this app available in kindle.
1, Awesome
0, I removed and reinstalled this application not realizing that it now has ads. I am paying ATT, why the ads? Very disappointed...
0, It will often fail to process attachments correctly. Since it has been re-designed I find it to be less user friendly.
1, Love yahoo
1, this is a very helpful app... i always use it, i think that this is the most used app on my kindlefire.
1, Great it appears when you playing,notifications when you receive mail so you can always be alert of your in coming mail.
1, its great ,but when you download the updates it takes foooooorever , but I do recamend it. but its greatly worth it.
0, Keeps corrupting meaning no emails are sent or received without you knowing!
1, Really helps me check my email
0, There is need for another support to use this app that I need to add
1, Like it
1, So easy and instant response; hard to go back to my computer.....so much nonsence to accomplish the same thing. Love my Kindle HD!
1, This works surprisingly well. Having email is one of the Kindle's most important features, and Yahoo has developed an app that works very well.
0, Since it updated, it's not working anymore. I wish I could revert to the old version. Right now my e-mails are not loading and I can't send anything. It's useless and frustrating. The old version worked fine!
1, This is very handy... my only suggestion is to allow the screen to shift orientation depending on how device is being held (ie - upside down, horizontal or right-side up0
0, I have not been able to view my mail on my kindle since downloading this app.it is awful!!! do not purchase
0, Works fine for me the few times I have used it. I usually use Yahoo messenger on a more regular basis when the network cooperates between here and Africa.
1, I like being able to switch between my 2 email accounts so easily. Yahoo Mail made it very simple. Thank you Yahoo!
1, very easy to use and free! I can get on real quick to check my mail and don't have to go threw getting to a computer or laptop and I'm automatically signed in.....love it!!
0, When I get on my computer to use att.net emails I HAVE to go to yahoo.com but this Yahoo app says that it's an invalid email address. No, no it's not because I use it daily at work on Yahoo!'s website.
0, it's great if u want yahoo on all the time . if privacy is a concern or u don't mind this app using system resources all the time running in the background .. I did an do so I deleted it..
1, I am still trying to work with the product, but find it easy to navigate.
1, Love it
1, I like the fact that I can access Yahoo mail from my Kindle Fire!!
1, Good app
1, This app works for me. I can retrieve and send mail. It is easy to navigate, and it alerts me when I have new mail whenever I turn on my Kindle Fire.
1, Yahoo mail has been with me for years and I have never had any problems with their ability to keep my business professional and save.
0, i liked the other web age u hade better. this seams to slow and to off . don't know what it will look like next
1, So far so good
1, Great item
1, great!
1, GOOD
1, THis app works pretty well. Seems to move at a better speed than the regular web site. I do recommend.
1, Good
1, I love this app
1, Easy to check, view and delete emails
1, Work perfect!!
1, I use it each day. Works very well.
1, Thank you for yahoo.
1, Works efficiently for what I need it to do. Not glitchy
0, Don't like it!
0, I use it just fine on my Android phone. Doesn't work at all on my Kindle Fire. It just freezes.
1, Easy to use and well laid out
1, Fast and easy!! That's what I need 😍
1, I use Yahoo most of the time. Like it.
1, It's awesome - I use it all the time
1, Very good.
0, lately my yahoo mail app is not giving me notifications for new mail why i dont know this needs to fixed asap!!
0, Very problematic. I have had, and frequently continue to have, multiple issues with yahjo mail on my kindlefire. I can't even begin to go into detail about these issues. Apparently I am stuck with it though if I want to keep my yahoo account. I don't know how much of this is yahoo's fault or the kindlefire's fault.
0, Constant tinkering by Yahoo has made for many frustrated users. They express this in groups and in person. I pay Yahoo a fee every year so I wish they would monitor their customer base for satisfaction.
1, I have used this app on a daily basis for over a year with ZERO issues. I can very easily access all of my emails and navigate very easily and smoothly. Easy to download attatchments/images from emails as well as uploading and attatching when composing emails. I have used a few different email apps and haven't found one even close to how great this app is. All the "issues" described in the other negative reviews are simply user error.(Like the review saying you can't log out. Apparently they aren't familiar with the "quick-settings" icon in the upper right hand corner of the screen where you can access all your apps and "Force Close" and or "Clear Data" on ANY app which would log you out too) Or, since everyone is so unbelievably spoiler, they are upset because their 100% FREE APP has a few advertisements in it. SO SORRY this AMAZING and CONVENIENT technology has been invented and OTHER people spent MILLIONS of man hours to develop all these 100% FREE APPS for YOU. That's just genocide that there are ads in your FREE app that you did NOTHING to help make.
0, I was trying to see my mail but it was hacked because every time I try to log in it says invalidi. I just don't trust them.
0, It is obvious that anyone who is using this device to e-mail or messenger ... it is being monitored and data mined. I have all kinds of interference that is so blatantly obtrusive and disgusting that I have also been using alternative sources .... but it is hard to change once you have been using something for so long .... like since its inception !!!!! And believe me it wasn't like this when it was first started !~!!!!
1, I didn't think I could use e-mail on a smart phone and/or tablet, despite seeing others do so, because I love my computer and large monitor. However, this app, combined with typing completion bar made it possible to send basic e-mail. Would I want to use it to construct a multi-link and image containing Christmas e-mail, No!, but can you type messages, yes. Type a bit, watch for auto word completion, check for the next word even, type a bit more it works. I would recommend this app to anyone who wants to travel with their Kindle, or whatever device, but I don't give it five stars, because the interface can still be "sticky" once you get stuck in preview mode, for example. In general it was very intuitive to use, but a few times I could not figure out how to exit or return to the view I wanted. In general, though, I recommend it because you can get the job done with this application fairly efficiently.
1, Very nice for emailing. Loads fast. Only issue is jpeg files do not upload when clicking "VIEW"
0, Got this for kindle and turned around and deleted it. Worked great, except you can't log off. I don't like leaving things logged in.
0, This seems hard to navigate..I hate the themes..if you add them.You can't seethe text properly. Can't work out how to make text bigger either. Very hard to navigate if you're not real tech savvy. If you check the outbox it isn't always there but suddenly appears. Not terribly impressed..keep it simple please.
0, I'm sorry, this app is great and all, but it gets one star because due to the lack of a day to day password protection option, it's useless to me. This means that anyone who picks up my Fire can get into my email account. I realize I can lock down my device, but the only thing I need to keep secure from those who have access to it is my email account. Seems like it would be awfully easy to prompt for a password each new time you log in.
1, great but for some reason even though i have it on amazon app store it keeps persisting i update it in the google play store after i clearly uninstalled it from there
1, I love it
1, works for me
1, Works good.
1, I am very pleased with Yahoo mail. I have had multiple problems with Google and Microsoft email accounts. The entire display and functionality are exceptionally user friendly.
1, Being on a limited income, I so appreciate the "free" Kindle downloadable books!! Thank you Amazon
1, Works Good
0, This upgraded Yahoo! is a hot mess. I use it on my Kindle Fire. It takes forever to load my new messages and it's forced to close, literally, every 2 or 3 minutes. This really ducks and I want the old one back.
1, good
1, On occasion the mail selected in the inbox does not correspond with the mail in the reading pane. May be connected to one being deleted or a new one appearing...the reading pane seems to get out of sync. But, all in all, I am very pleased.
1, Very helpful
1, Been there for me since 1995.
0, Since the largest updates this app is constantly freezing and sending error messages that say the application has stop working. On my kindle and on my LG G2.
1, So far so good
1, All the apps are so easy to download. This one especially gets me right into my mail. Faster than my PC. Recommend it to anyone who has Yahoo mail.
0, It works OK but do not like Yahoo that much but still use it as a Junk Mail email address. It is sometimes convenient to check your mail from your Kindle so that is why I got this App.
1, Helps to stay connected
0, App is terrible. Far better off using my Kindle's combined e-mail app.
1, I love checking my Yahoo mail on my Kindle. It is so easy to read and send emails. Saves me loads of time.
1, Perfect
0, Had problems looking at and or downloading pictures.
0, I have had the same problems on my Fire as the other reviewers. I can only see the first 10 messages, and I had to uninstall because it wouldn't stop notifying me of the same message over and over. It works ok on my htc Thunderbolt.
0, It is very slow to delete. It has no search function. Unless the problem is my tablet.
1, Fats, easy way to get in my email.
0, Awesome
1, Yahoo has very good email the way you can keep in touch with the things you do,people,and places you go
1, No complaints
1, The app does what it needs to. I don't like that I can't really adjust the settings.
1, I love my email
1, Awesome , been using for years.
1, Convenient app for everyday use.
0, since the upgrade I haven't been able ti access my accounts. :p. freezes and never opens on my kindle fire.
1, I've been using Yahoo! for years, with no issues. I love it.
0, to hard to sign out No Privacy on shared device why is it different from from normal mail box...why. oh why
1, So awesome
1, Should have done it earlier I love it
0, I can't properly download or view any attachment, the in box is slow and does not update any changes (read, deleted, skips between emails that I did not select) and overal feels really clunky. Wish there was better apps for Yahoo, may just use another email service.
0, It will not work on my kindle fire anymore.
1, Great mail program.
0, waste of time
0, Should not get spam mail
1, Been using Yahoo mail for years.
1, Excellent
1, it is pretty easy to use and it is nice to have if I'm on the go with my kindle fire. I like having yahoo mail on more than device.
1, Great Bing has tried to get me to change Google has tried to get me to change and still I stay with Yahoo.
1, I haven't experienced any problems with the Yahoo Mail App. I would recommend it to a friend or family member :)
1, This app is so easy to use. I am very pleased. If you do not have this app you are missing out.
1, Still good....Have had my account for more than 15 years and have had few problems. Keep up the good work.
1, A nice version of an older program. It works great and has a clean concise look to it. I want this app on my PC.
0, Everytime i open up the app it says i have to close it or wait for it to come up. It really is annoying. I hope the problem gets fixed.
1, it was easy to download to my kindle fire
0, Only gave it one star because there is no option for ZERO stars! This app is a complete mess! Takes forever to load and open mail, then freezes, will only show a few new mail messages at a time, constantly freezes when deleting mail, then have to force close, re-open which also takes forever then start the maddeningly vicious circle all over again. Don't even bother trying to read your mail on Kindle with this app. What a waste of time, all it gives us is needless frustration and high blood pressure!
1, I love Yahoo Mail itz so easy and convenient to use I never miss my mail. Itz always updated on time and itz very high-speed
0, Better than previous versions.
1, I really like for e nets n e-mail.
1, Very. Good never have a problem with it
0, Portfolio does not total. STUPID and USELESS. The whole page is a mess compared to the old MY YAHOO. Use google now.
1, Comfortable
0, For each email I have to click on "show graphic". It's a pain and takes longer to go through my email. I don't like it but other methods don't work any better. If I am not in my computer,or near my phone this is what I have :-/
0, Even with good WiFi, this app is painfully slow. It takes forever to download and open emails so it's super frustrating when you click on one email but a different one opens. You scroll down, and it jumps back to top - over and over again.
1, I find everthing I need. It is convenient and easy to use. Very good access on my tablet, phone, and pc.
0, I have had yahoo mail for many years and not until recently does it seem to not work. I have not been able to check my mail on my kindle for about a week. It either tells me session expired or that my inbox is clean. So frustrating!
1, I've had Yahoo for over 10 years. This application works just as well as the software on my desktop. Just wish it would send larger files.
1, No complaints. Has gotten better over the years.
0, Disappointed that you can only view 10 messages at a time. Definitely something that needs to be updated in order to make the app more useful.
1, Works great.
0, Having to learn the features feels like pulling features but if you are familiar with email you can have a powerful ally in using this tool.
1, Where would I be without Yahoo mail? I would most likely be at the post office standing in line to buy stamps and waiting days or weeks for a reply from who ever I write too. Yahoo mail is becoming more and more like the post office now a days. I would complain about all the advertisement but then there is a lot more junk I have to throw out everyday with the USPS just to get to a bill. You can at least you can mark something as spam and hope they stop filling up your Mail box on Yahoo, try doing that with snail-mail, you can't... It has been more than 10 years now since the last time I actually wrote a letter to someone put a stamp on a envelope and mailed if off. Pay for yahoo mail, sure I would as long as it were no more than $3 a month. Do that though you would have so many people in a uproar their email box's would fill up in just one day. All in all I love Yahoo mail, over all the other online email options. It is quick, buggy free most of the time and I get mail from those I really want to get it from
0, This is the deadliest mail.app....it never opens up first time. If I hadn't had my email for years and have important stuff saved I would delete it.
1, Yahoomailisgreat
1, This app is really easy to use. And it always informs me of new emails immediately which is convenient and useful.
0, Yahoo mail allows spam like crazy with virus treats
0, Keep making changes I don't like. Too confusing and hate ads being put on, unwanted. Thinking of changing email. Consider.
1, Yahoo Mail is #1 for all your email needs across the net .Yahooo!!!!!!
0, The app connected me to an old Yahoo account I hadn't used in three years and there was no mechanism to allow me to use my newer account. I deleted the app.
1, Don't seem to bug me all the time and has the right stuff on the screen to help with my questions. They work 24 hours a day.
1, a really good email app like has its ups and downs but I use it every its a lifesaver sometimes
1, Like the yahoo mail very much. Have had yahoo mail to our old account but like this much better. Thank you.
1, Can open more email on this instead of just yahoo on kindle
0, About an hour after I downloaded it my account got hacked. I have to believe that there is something wrong with this application... becareful!!!
0, Switched to the Yahoo mail app when Yahoo said third party apps were a security risk. The Yahoo app had worse visuals, worse editing, worse grouping and worse mail management than the app it replaced (stock Samsung e-mail app). We ask very little of our e-mail apps, and this did not deliver. It may be more suitable for people used to text messaging or social media interfaces, but we prefer the traditional e-mail interface. Deleted it off the phone and went back to the original app. Yahoo never did explain what security issues I needed to check for, or give a list of approved e-mail apps. Plus, the Yahoo app has ads, the stock Samsung app does not.
1, I don't remember who recomended it . I think I just saw it on line. I gave it five stars because it is more than just a nice thing to have. It has become an essential link to information from all aspects of my life.
1, Great, thanks, Jackie
1, Use yahoo forever.
0, I have loved Yahoo for a long time, but this version of the app is super annoying, they have changed things and it's harder to find older emails. And doesn't load old stuff like at all.
1, reallly good app.
1, Very handy to be able to read, answer, delete, etc. my Yahoo mail on my phone and tablet. Would have given it 5 stars if I could figure out how to get it to update when I want it to rather at some random time.
0, Spam filter is not working well, I'm getting a lot of spam in my inbox. Used to work great. Why is this happening?
1, I love my emails by yahoo I get a lot of them all thetime
0, I've had yahoo email since 2003. I prefer the features offered back then. The video ads are annoying and am using the older version of email to speed up the pages. It used to cost only $19 a year to have no ads and since Yahoo was bought out, it cost approx. $50 a year. Sometimes email service is a little slow in receiving mail.
0, The apps makers seem to think we have enormous retinas b/c they keep designing apps for bullfrogs. When users cannot see what is on the screen of their devices, they'll stop using them.
0, It leaves a lot to be desired.
0, I truly dislike this app! It will not allow me to access read emails. So annoying!!
0, I find apps cumbersome in the best case scenario as I'm just a mouse-driven gal. It's *OK* for my tablet. Some things remain hidden that make it frustrating.
0, If I could change I would. The old Yahoo was fine and easy to use. The New SUCKS and I would not recommend it to anyone. Why they had to change it is beyond my ability to understand. You cannot go back to the old system, I have tried. It is seemingly designed to be a change from the old system, but not a friendly change. There should be a rating for less than one star. One star means there is some social redeeming value to it. The new yahoo deserves no stars.
1, I have used Yahoo mail for many years, I love it. Ease of use mainly and I have tried othersa but always keep my Yahoo account. I am not a computer wizard nor am I overly patient. I was grateful to find Yahoo as I learned it quickly.
0, cannot change PWD via this app
1, Fast & simple!
1, Always lets me know when i have an email, so easy to use!! I use it on my Kindle Fire!!!
0, I would give it more stars but you can't sign out of your mail account. I even uninstalled it and when I log into yahoo it goes straight to my mail. Its not very safe. Anyone could access your account. I always sign out of my mail. You can't be too safe now-a-days.
1, Unfortunately someone continuously is able to hack my contacts and sending random ads in my name.
1, My very first experience with email was with Yahoo. I am still with them. Friends have tried to entice me to their aol, msn or gmail, but they don't give me that warm fuzzy feeling that Yahoo does, it's my home and comfort zone.
0, The old Yahoo app was great, but this new updated Yahoo email app freezes up all the time on my Kindle Fire and you have to force it closed. I wish I could go back to the previous version. Yahoo Please fix this problem!!
0, kindle fire says there is a newer version of Yahoo mail and wont leg me proceed past the point to install this update. but when I try to install it keeps saying there's an error when downloading. I download other files no problem. currently all I can do is log in via web browser. useless and annoying.
1, I use my yahoo account to signup to various groups like Freecycle, Craigslist, etc. As such, I need to keep this email clean. This app was a great choice. I can easily navigate, clean up, and even respond to email from my device. I highly recommend it.
1, Between personal and professional needs I have to track 5 different email accounts and Yahoo's interface provides the best possible format for the category of communication I assign to it. Thanks Yahoo!
0, Can't get to my contacts or make any changes on my kindle fire HDX. Very slow to load and does not sync with my computer. Some times fixing certain issues make other issues. I am not happy with this yahoo mail at all.
1, I recently put the app on my Kindlefire. I'm glad I did since I don't have email on my phone and the Kf is easy to take with. it's easy to navigate.
0, It worked fine for a few years and still does for simple resding/writing. But I now have to go to the browser in order to download attachments.
1, Was hesitant downloading this app for my new Kindle Fire cause I'd had problems with it on my Samsung Galaxy III, but either they cleared up all the bugs or it just works better on here. Really love the background settings and the quick easy select all to delete pages of back email at a time.
1, If you are already a Yahoo e-mail user then this App is just right for you. It extends your Yahoo e-mail capability to your Kindle and allows you to keep up with your e-mail while you are away from your computer.
1, Have to keep up with my mail and this is perfect.
1, Works like it should.
1, love this ap!!!
1, Hey great
0, It used to be really good. Now however, my mailbox is full of spam, and emails are slow, sometimes taking a day. They have good emoticons, but that's not enough. The new layout sucks because the email that is highlighted is below the part that shows all the emails. you have to change the divider to see it. Of course you can stilll double click.
1, Love this app
1, I check my email all during the day, and love having it available no matter where I am. The only issue is the smaller size, but it's easily overcome.
0, could not get iy to work, would not take any password i tryed to use, will stick to the ones that work more easily.
1, Easy and I like it I have an account it makes it so much easier and convenient to use then to go on the net and search
1, Easy to use
1, Good
1, works with kindle fire, 10 mails is fines. like being able to switch accounts easily. like being able to send mail.
1, I love this app
1, I love it!!!! It is soooooo helpful to me every day!!! Thank you!!!
0, If you like "change" get yahoo mail.
1, Yahoos cool. why am I writing a review? I don't know. I swear I'm not high. I'm just weird. yay
1, I use this app everyday. I love the way it makes it super simple to read your emails and organize them.
0, Whet use to work great now is always broken. Deleting an email then finding it still there. Very laggy, sometimes will not load, and changes to the interface making things arrows to move to the next email hard to find or nonexistent. It's like the team doesn't fix whets broken and goes out of there way to break what was working right.
1, It is what it is.
1, I like the old version better.
0, I am having problems getting it to work like my regular account I use online. Don't know if I am just not understanding how to MAKE it do what I want or if it just isn't offered. Worries me that stuff I have deleted from either place still shows up on my account later when I open it. Can't seem to put anything into my folders and I use my folders a lot. What I do like how easy it is to get into my account and see my mail without all these ads on the side loading and re-loading which seems to LOSE my mail messages I am typing when it does this and not always will be saved to draft or at least not all the message I so carefully had crafted just POOF gone so another ad about something I am NOT interested in could load.
0, I am unable to sort, alphabetically, my individual folders.....particularly my password folder. Sometimes I am unable to reply to a message, it often takes 30 seconds or more for a word to appear on the screen. Glad to have this opportunity to express these frustrations....I've never found a way to complain before this!
1, I added this and use it consistently as my mail service. Works perfectly, although the navigation is a bit different from PC version, and I wish it would revert more simply to Inbox.... I prefer the display - makes me feel at home wherever I am!
1, I would give a 5 star rating on any shopping I have done. Yahoo has come through for me in all transactions. Since I do a lot of shopping on Amazon, I rely on yahoo to get the information I need. SSSSSOOOOOOO way to go Yahoo!
0, not a very user friendly interface on the kindle. can't scroll and i keep deleting things i don't mean to delete but it's handy to have an extra access poitn to my email from my phone and kindle and not just my laptop
0, i've been a user of yahoo for many years now. and some of the changes are good but the mail has been messed up many times. sometimes i can't even access my mail and its a big inconvience. i still stay with yahoo because i trust that they will improve.
1, I do not have anything to compare this knife with as it is the first ceramic knife I have owned. The manufacturer is well known that is why I chose it, the knife cuts quite well, I have no complaints . I am most likely to buy another one when the need comes up.
1, Great
0, Both my kindle and phone struggle with yahoo since it upgraded. Emails come up flashing and take a few seconds to center before I'm able to scroll. Annoying. But I am a long time yahoo mail recipient and will try to get along with it.
0, I've had Yahoo! Mail for about a decade. I have the premium service that costs $19.99 annually. I used to be a big fan, in part because if I have a problem, a live person gets involved and helps me solve it. But now that live person is in another country and apparently has incentives to get my issue of his or her plate as quickly as possible using standard responses that many times don't apply. This results in many back and forth exchanges with me growing increasingly frustrated as various people respond, one after another, until finally someone either closes the ticket without my agreement or actually solves the problem. There are also ongoing problems with the Calendar. I have missed several appointments which I know I put on the calendar, but they later disappeared. I'm guessing this is because they had to restore the calendar from an older version before I put the entry in. It happens quite frequently that I can't get into the calendar at all. Sometimes I get an error message, other times a blank screen. If it wasn't such a hassle, I would have switched to google mail a long time ago.
1, I have been with Yahoo since 2001 & I think yahoo mail is The Best!
1, great apps for a quick trip to check the mailbox, etc. instead of trodding through a series of whatevers, this brings you right to the source. may not be for everyone but if you have an email address with yahoo and want to do a 'lick-a-dee split' access to check your mail, then this is it. well worth the cost, which is zero, nothing, nil and that can't be bad.
0, The app constantly freezes up and you have to force closure. This is the only app this happens. Very frustrating.
1, great JOB! Now it works fine! Can look at a lot more mail now. All at the same time. Also easier to delete mail from different folders!
1, fast and easy to install and use
0, It's OK that's all.
0, I don't get any different services than as if I were using my regular mailbox. Not worth a cent... Let alone my time
1, Awesome I love it
0, I have some bug issues with yahoo and security is the main one
1, Works for me
0, Does not access all your folders, especially drafts or sent folder. Needs to have ability to sign in or not if that is your preference for security.
1, Able to read my email anytime I want on my tablet.
1, Great app
1, I have been using Yahoo Mail for many years and found it to be reliable and useful for my needs. I can access it and use it on all my devices (PC, Motorola Moto X, Kindle fire). Recent improvements are great and make me glad that I stayed with Yahoo! In short, it works for me. I had very little downtime during the hardware problem that Yahoo recently experienced. I give Yahoo Mail a 4 star rating based on my years of use and expect that it could be a 5 star service with the continued improvements that Yahoo is making.
0, It's not as easy to reply or forward as I would have hoped, but e-mail on the phone is more complicated than it could be.
1, I like the new format. Thanks.
0, this is not very good on the kindle fire, but msn is not either would never tell anyone to get this for a hand held
1, IThis app. is quick , easy & very accessible .My mail is right there when I want it. Love it !!
1, we all need email! This app makes it easy to check your Yahoo email on the go. good to have on hand
0, Won't work on my Kindle Fire for some reason.
1, I replaced the standard email app that came with my Galaxy S4. The color is vibrant. The notifications are quicker than what I get on my Kindle or laptop. I have the ability to mark things as spam and delete things without them showing up as "new" in my Trash folder if I check my email on my laptop. Easy to navigate and change settings. It's just perfect. Bravo. I'm truly happy with it.
1, Makes it easier to access your emails.
1, Great
1, It email
1, It is right there on my Kindle to click on. So much easier than having to go through the whole Web route. Thank yu for creating an app for Yahoo!
1, Yahoo is site all people
1, This helps me check on my e-mails without having to carry my laptop everywhere. It's very convenient at Wi-Fi hotspots.
0, Several times each week I am waiting on Yahoo to fix one of their problems. I want the option to "Block" some in-coming e-mails. This was an optional a few years ago. It should have a simple option to automatically add an e-mail address I want in my contacts.
1, Its definitely better then last time I used it like eight years ago !!!
1, Very easy to use!! I have it on both my devices and it allows me the option to choose the sound it makes to inform me when I got mail.
1, I have used yahoo mail app for quite some time and have found it to be quite stable on all my devices
1, Yahoo is the most easiest app ever because you could check your yahoo and whatever email that you have. Easy to use and take emails with I would totally recommend it.
0, It started telling me I had an update, but it wouldn't download properly. Now I don't have the app at all and I still cant download even a replacement.
1, Have used Yahoo Mail some 20 years. Have had no problems and enjoyed using it. Thanks for doing a great service!
1, Downloaded the app a few days ago and like it so far. The icon identifying the sender is a nice touch.
0, I didn't purchase this and have no idea how it has appeared on my orders; the reason I gave 1 star
1, haven't used this much, and don't like the arrangement of the mail. Different than on my desktop.
1, Just a hint - if you aren't getting all you're messages turn the fire to landscape mode and they should load.
0, Worked great in the beginning preferred over verizon because allowed to add folders but apps no longer opens attachments on fire kindle hd
1, such an easy thing. So much better than my other carrier. Opens right away, no problems easy to navigate wow!
0, Each time I switch from my inbox to Sent box, the full list of other folders appear. It isn't necessary to see folders that are typically hidden. Seems this version defaults to Show all folders. I don't like it. Also, don't care for Themes. Tired of all the ads, too. However, this version syncs mail content very nicely. Fire HDX user.
1, Had no problems yet🙏🏾
0, I am so sorry I up greated to the newer app of yahoo its the worst ever never can down load my messages without unsubscribe and then resubscribe the app anyone have suggestions? yahoo could care less
1, Sometimes messages I have deleted continue to appear in the inbox. Also, I would switch the spam and trash button.
1, Good app. It makes checking my email more colourful!!!
1, Finally a much needed upgrade, very good improvement.
1, I love yahoo sooooooooooo much it's re a 'll helpful for me mail and such I give it 10000000 stars
0, I have downloaded it twice now. It has never worked. Very frustrating to have such a simple app not work every time.
1, It addressed my expectation
1, Easy app to use. One tap and I am in. Continually updates mail and alerts you when you have new mail. One of my favorite apps.
1, Yahoo.com mail app is just as easy to use here on the Kindle as it is to use on the web. The features are the same the design is also the same. If you use Yahoo.com mail app on your phone you will find it easier here on the Kindle, the on screen touch buttons are bigger for instance. Basically it's a good app no matter where you use it.
1, Love it
1, Great app.
1, I use this email for all of my email subscriptions so I don't have use my personal email and get a lot of spam.
0, Deleted
1, Works great. No problems so far.
1, Works for what I want it for what more could you ask for? I hate that I need twenty words for a review so this is 28 words long.
0, I have to uninstall and reinstall this app several times a week to get it to load my mail. But the web version doesn't work at all on the Fire, so I have no choice if I want to read my email.
0, Hate it.
1, Good site!
0, Lets me do what I need to do, and has a fair amount of functionality available when using on a normal PC.
1, There are many times that the delete button doesn't work.
1, Clearer images, easier to use and faster.
1, I use yahoo all the time and this gets it on my kindle very easily yahoo is on all my electronics
1, I want to operate my digital devices much as I do my car.... easy to operate safely and without constant maintenance, but without being a mechanic or with continual visits to a mechanic. With this in mind, I' rate this ap. equivalent to a Ford Focus.
1, It gives me pretty much what I expect from the service. I have been satisfied. I would recommend to a friend.
1, With the Kindle, I use this when I can't get to the computer. Its a wonderful app for the Kindle.
1, Makes running my business from my tablet quick and easy. Love how all your options are neatly organized and at your fingertips. Makes attaching files and photos easy.
1, So far, so good.
1, Had to figure this out-not tech minded. Am 62,with no training. On a tablet & not as big. Good to have away from computer!
0, Not great, doesn't load well.
0, Not sure if this provides any real advantage over silk.
0, It doesn't seem to work well for me. I will keep trying to work with it to see if it is me or if it is the app.
1, I didn't understand why i couldn't continue getting email on my Kindle until I read that Yahoo mail wanted to make our emails more secure by having an app for our Kindle. It was easy to download and use. The FAQs were very helpful to me.
0, It isn't like the version I had before, I don't like the lay out of the screen, I prefer my older Classic Yahoo Mail. I probably will not use Yahoo mail on my Kindle any longer, there isn't any place I can get through to change it on Kindle.
1, It works well and efficient
1, It functions as expected and installed fast and fine.
1, I like this app very well for Yahoo email. I never use Yahoo email for anything that would compromise my security such as communication with a bank, government, etc. I use Yahoo email for all charity or political or other types of solicitors. It is my throwaway email.
1, Easy-to-use
1, Fast and easy
1, I like the new app due,to no more remembering,passwords again.
0, Its okay, free, I use other software for my mail and if it suits another software use. Thanks for the software.
0, The trash option is horrible. I delete or trash the email & then I have to delete again & again. Pain.
1, Have used it for years!
1, I like that messages can be enlarged making them easy to read. I wish I could filter all my mail through this app.
1, no
1, works well on fire HDX. have had no issues with loading, reading or sending mail also able to open attachments just fine
1, Works as it should. Pretty much does what you expect it to do. I like getting notified when I receive a mail.
1, 4stars for no access to my calendar. Fire phone app is overall useful for email review and communication, serving its purpose.
1, I'm liking this yahoo mail update. It's as easy to use as past versions and the picture themes are a really nice looking touch.
0, I have used yahoo mail for years. I have to admit I am not really happy with their new structure when forwarding mail. I do not like the continued conversation on 1 email message when you really only want the reply. Also, it's easy to forward the entire message to someone else by accident when you only want them to have 1 part of the message.
0, I have problems some times with Yahoo through my cable provider.
1, Works great, always had problems with combined email. This is much easier.
1, I like yahoo it's very easy to use and understand
0, Not as user friendly as what was offered before. Wish Yahoo would not have forced this app on their users. Now how about some easier and friendlier application to use this mail service?.
1, The most recent updates have made this app work marvelously. Using it on the Kindle feels just like using it on my phone and on my computer. Yahoo stands the test of time and there is no need to jump on the G Mail bandwagon. Yahoo for life.
1, Works perfectly. This does everything the way it is suppose too.
1, Very nice to use and easy to facilitate the different messages.
1, My main email had it for years love it love the app.
1, Its a great and easy way to check my email. Never have a problem with it.
1, Since I couldn't get my emails without this app, I had to get it. It works good!!
1, Fun read.
1, Yahoo has made some good changes. Most of all I like signing in with my fingerprint. And another feature that I like is instead of deleting messages one by one you can review your messages or not and then just delete the whole day with one touch. Good job Yahoo!
0, Ugh! I have to log in every time I wish to view my mail on my kindle device. When I do, it takes a few minutes, 5 minimum to search for new mail only for it to tell me that my inbox is completely empty, which I know it is not. All I have to do is check the same app on my phone and Preston, mail. I have reloaded the app to my kindle and no change, this app is worthless mop
1, I enjoy Yahoo Mail, it's clean & simple
1, I've tried others, like Gmail, I also have hotmail (NOT LIKE IT AT ALL)...YAHOO MAIL is my wonderful way to communicate with everyone. I also enjoy the "emoticons" (Those of Hotmail are soooo boring). I use them a lot. HOTMAIL used to be ok, but now, with all these "renovations"....boooo! YAHOO!...Go for it!
1, Completely satisfied!!
1, I love yahoo..easy to get to and eady to use..great syatem
1, A useful and highly functional email application. Password recovery is quick.
1, I have been using this exclusively for my email for over a month. It took a while to learn how to use it on my Fire. The app does not automatically refresh in the inbox (but it does in other folders) so you have to touch the menu button and touch refresh to force it to fetch more emails when deleting/moving emails. If this is fixed, I'll come back and edit this review to give it 5 stars.
1, Excellent. Easy access and reliable.
1, I like it, hate the new format on Yahoo. I want easier access to stories (aka the old way they had it).
1, It's very handy to have it. You can check your email with no problem.
1, Awesome! I never get to go on the computer, so now I get to do my mail on my Kindle Fire! Dose not lag at all. At the beginning, you get to change your inbox background. It is quick, easy, and simple! I would TOTALY recommend if you have ymail and/or yahoo themed mail address. Thank you for reading! -Theawesomeperson minecraft account: sarahawesome321 (PC ONLY)
1, App works very good for reading and processing emails. Sending emails is another story though. I have to resort to using the web site for actually sending emails since this app doesn't support changing your from address to use one of my relevant disposable yahoo email addresses. If that feature was added in, I wouldn't hardly ever need to use the actual web site application anymore.
0, I would like to be able to select multiple messages to delete. Haven't figured out how to do that in this version. Wasn't broke in my opinion.
1, Great app
1, I really enjoy this app!!! Its good for anyone that contiunesly checks their e-mail! Would recommend this app for anyone!
1, it is so fast and works real well gotta love it
1, Easy to use with no issues or concerns.
0, It's not so different, except for appearance.
1, I am so happy that there is a app to check my email it is such a hassle to have to log into it from my internet explorer.
0, Way to much junk mail! Its very aggravating with all the junk mail. My gmail doesn't get nearly have as much junk mail.
1, Love this app, very convenient.
1, no problems. Better than Google where my account was hacked twice in one week
1, Works great on the Kindle and lets me check email rapidly with the touch of a screen, like it a lot.
1, Yahoo is now being used not just at home but anywhere I go and not having to take my laptop with me.
1, I've been using this app for over a year and it still works well. I have it on my phone and Kindle.
1, I use this as my secondary e-mail but check it as often as my primary e-mail address. Very useful and unlike msn don't get as much junk mail.
1, Been with yahoo all the way, very happy with it.
0, I am very disappointed in the new Yahoo mail roll out including the Android App. I think Yahoo needs to go back to the drawing board with their mail service.
1, Keeps me connected.
1, Just like the app I had on my phone, but better!!! It's just like being on a computer which is really nice because then I can get to where I can delete the spam and trash folders! Love it so far!:)
0, --used for years--now the new versions are horrible!!!!!!!!-added a gmail account to my business site because yahoo is not delivering all my biz mail--have for years--now sometimes--started right after I ordered 500 new biz cards----waiting to use them up and then goodbye yahoo and I did like it better than gmail
1, Does what I needed to do
1, Great app. Yup I love yahoo. Never had a problem. I just went to my appnstore and downloaded it perfectly.
0, I love yahoo and I've had the same email account for over 14 yrs but I really hate that I can't log out of my account on my Kindle. Please fix this soon!
0, Does not access all your folders, especially drafts or sent folder. Needs to have ability to sign in or not if that is your preference for security.
1, Able to read my email anytime I want on my tablet.
1, Great app
1, That's my best review criteria - reliable performance. No drama. Links well with my desktop email. Good app. Three more words.
1, I've been a Yahoo subscriber for so long it's like my right arm!
0, Nothing special about this app. Its the same one that everyone uses who goes on Yahoo. I have it on my tablet, Nook and Kindle.
1, I've never had any problems with the app, and use it constantly on my kindle Fire HDX.
1, Everything it says it is...
0, I am very unhappy with this app. It has been crashing constantly, and then it stopped working all together. Ugh!
0, Okay
1, It's been very good till recently when it would not accept my password, Happened 3 times in the past three weeks, Otherwise, happy with it,
1, It's ok
1, LOVE IT. USE IT EVERYDAY
0, Better than previous versions.
1, I really like for e nets n e-mail.
1, Very. Good never have a problem with it
1, Good apps...working correctly.
0, Portfolio does not total. STUPID and USELESS. The whole page is a mess compared to the old MY YAHOO. Use google now.
1, Comfortable
0, For each email I have to click on "show graphic". It's a pain and takes longer to go through my email. I don't like it but other methods don't work any better. If I am not in my computer,or near my phone this is what I have :-/
0, Even with good WiFi, this app is painfully slow. It takes forever to download and open emails so it's super frustrating when you click on one email but a different one opens. You scroll down, and it jumps back to top - over and over again.
1, I find everthing I need. It is convenient and easy to use. Very good access on my tablet, phone, and pc.
1, Easy to use.
0, This app is worthless to me. I tried to log in and after 8 characters it freezes up. I uninstalled then reinstalled and got the same result. I permanently uninstalled. Kindle Fire
1, Thank for this awsome way to send messages!!😉😎
0, I don't own an android, so I did not order any apps for an android, even if it was free! Please take any android ads or orders off my account! Thank you.
1, Love that you can customize your own wallpaper.
1, Fast install, easy to use.
1, I use this all the time. I run it in the background so it notifies me when i get a message and its super easy to use!
0, it puts new e-mails on my phone first... and not on my desk top where I most often check.. my phone is constantly alerting me and interupting.
1, I was very pleased with the Yahoo app's and will order from them again. I use it on my Kendall with ease.
1, Works the way I want it to work when I want it to work..and I'm sure the refresh rate will improve in time
1, Love ❤ YAHOO! Hate all the ads.
1, Works well
0, Not a fam of format
1, Recently, I have been aware of the changes that Yahoo Mail has made.. Love the apps that you can get just for your mail only, no stories, no new highlights, and items of that kind. I have this and would recommend this app to anyone just wanting to check their mail box only.... Thanks for you time to read my review.
1, Works great
1, works as expected
0, Just basic mail access..Can't access sub folders.
0, I enjoy using this app on my kindle fire hd. I can access multiple yahoo accounts in one place. My only disappointment now is I can't view or download pictures. It works on other devices but not on kindle.
1, Great deal!!
1, It works.
1, I love how much easier it is to use the Yahoo app.
1, Good and clean app for reading and sending email, works fast
1, I love having Yahoo! mail. It keeps up updated with the latest version. And it keeps my mail in order. I have no problems.
1, want to keep up without always having to be at my desk and this is a great way to do it..
1, Works well
1, Good
1, Like this
0, I have had so much trouble with this app since it updated. It is worthless to me now. I am no longer able to check email on yahoo with my Kindle Fire. It wont delete in bulk at all and wants to "foreclose" halfway through and email. I have tried to delete and redownload and it repeats the same thing. I loved the old app and had no issues. This is beyond frustrating. PLEASE FIX THIS YAHOO!!
1, Would highly recommend to anyone who has yahoo for their email because it's very quick and easy plus free is always good.
1, I can fully access my email from the Kindle Fire and it shows me if I have new email. It works really great.
1, love this app. keeps me up to date on my e-mails. great download all should use this. great app yay
0, I don't understand what is going on with this product--my e-mails from today ended in the trash folder. Now I have to go back to & check my Kindle to see if something has changed on my import page (which I haven't done). Last week I couldn't retrieve them on my Kindle Fire (has since been resolved). Have been having trouble forwarding e-mails & sending new ones. I am seriously considering changing my e-mail provider. Some help please!! bankernana@yahoo.com
1, Thank goodness Yahoo introduced this. The Mail App on the Kindle Fire is horrible. This loads quickly, updates automatically (well, set to Push), everything/all locations of my mail are synch'ed and up to date, and it's easy to navigate (folders, compose, contacts, etc.). I'm very happy I downloaded this and never have to look back the Mail App again!
1, I still wish you hadn't changed to a gmail type of format. I loved the old feature of being able to sort by type; it made management of my mail so much easier. Now, it's just a pain-in-the-neck. But, I've been a loyal user since 1998 and will continue.
1, It’s just swell. Suggest you get it also
1, Finally able to get my mail on my tablet.
1, Staying organized!!
1, Sad to say, tech and software companies throw out products and updates so quickly that problems are the norm. If you buy software that's new, you expect a major update within a few months. Everything is a race and we're willing to endure the race if it means getting the best and brightest toys out there. This model sucks and we suck for encouraging it. I don't know how many times Yahoo! And it's free services have screwed up my plans or life in some way. It's happened often. I've ditched them for a dozen other services at various times. It seems that I almost always come back to them though. Their fantasy sports system cost me a title a few years back so I switched. I'm back because the site I switched to inexplicably killed our entire league a week early the next year. Something equally dumb happened with yahoo and "the new guy" a few years ago with email. Bottom line, Yahoo! trends for me as the better of many less than stellar choices. Which is why I'm floored by their current email app. It works. Holy mother of Nathan Lane it works! And I like it. Such weirdness I've never known. So, as I happily mail away, secretly waiting for them to commit an egregious error, I will pretend they are the perfect email client they appear to be right now. Yahoo! Mail works ... and that's saying a lot.
0, I am not a big fan..I use it. But the security issues bother me and it is always full of junk that I don't get with G-mail.
1, use it all of the time!
1, Perfect little app!with customizable inbox themes! The default email client for the kindle fire hd was giving me difficulties recognizing some attachments and would not let me download them! However this app did allow it without any problems! And sending email out is a breeze as well!
1, it works perfectly for my kindle. I don"t know what everybody is talking about. this app does not deserve three stars.
1, it is the perfect app 4kindels its good I Allways get my Emil right on time and I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1, Great!
1, I like the layout.easy to use.
0, Not able to connect to yahoo mail. Will not recognize my password.
1, This app is absolutely everything you need to access mail. So easy to get to and easy to use! Awesome!
1, Good app and work fine
0, Yahoo hasn't been nearly as bad recently, but Yahoo mail was so undependable that I had to switch my business accounts to another provider. In the past year yahoo has been better, though I have no plans to switch back for anything other than a few personal email contacts.
1, Easy access and fast. Don't hAve to go through a bunch of prompts before getting to my mail. I like it.
1, It's. A very good app
1, I am an old user,and find this app efficient and friendly. I could recommend it to one and all.
1, I use this app on my evo. I got it for my kindle fire. Fortunately, another reviewer said that you have to put it in landscape mode to load your messages. I initially thought it didn't work for the fire. works fine now.
1, Like this new application it's easy to use!
0, Ok not for me
1, Update makes it way better than what it was trying to read on my phone. Good job. I like it.
1, I like the upgrades and find it very useful. I use it the most of all my four e-mail addresses.
1, This app embodies the spirit of Yahoo from when I created my account more than 20 years ago. All the controls are modern for current day. It even works well for my GMAIL account.
1, I have been using yahoo mail for my main email for years! I love it and use it constantly, don't know what I'd do without it. Keep up the excellent quality and I'm in it for life!
0, Most of the time my e-mail won't even open. I've gone back to my computer for my e-mail.
0, Ruined a perfectly set up system. Stop trying to fix what is not broken and fire you test group. Time to find another mail client.
1, I love Yahoo because its fast and just nice to have its cool so I think you people should get it.
0, Too small to read. Too hard to delete. Too hard to manage unwanted emails. I like what I initially had on my Kindle.
0, Don't know what's wrong with yahoo, but it went from bad to worse since Verizon bought it. Still can't get one yahoo email on any mobile device. This one was no different.
1, Yahoo is great...
1, love it
0, Can't open documents min this app....
1, Satisfied
1, I use this app on my Kindle Fire to do a quick check of my email. It makes it sooo much easier. The App provides a brief how-to, but really I found it very intuitive - navigation is generally the same as when accessing via computer and the differences make so much sense that you don't notice them. However, with the App, everything is formatted to fit a Kindle Fire, which makes everything so much easier. I highly recommend.
1, Good
0, Yahoo.com. Is very hard to get in. I. get very. Mad at times
1, Easy app to download.
0, Always something glicthing.
1, what do u say about email???? lol I like having it and try to remember to check it everyday lol :)
1, Seems to work well!
0, it is ok really. i have seen some crashes. use it rarely onal my kindle. Usually i am on my puter or android device. i hope all can enjoy this app.
1, Honestly I wasn't. looking for much from this app, just the ability to check my Yahoo email on my Kindle Fire. Since the email app that came with the Fire had trouble with accessing Yahoo email this was the perfect solution.
1, Dependable--AND you don't have to change your email address if you change ISP's. I've had it for over 5 years; few, if any, complaints. I'd recommend it to my friends.
1, next best thing to having a phone at your side. and staying in touch is reliable source of contact. thanks to technology world today. great now and continues our new ways of staying intouch
1, Haven't used it very long, but works for me
1, It is very functional and accomplishes what I would expect.
0, Couldn't get it to work when I tried it. Haven't had time to mess with it since.
1, Had to change my password before it worked
1, Yahoo stinks, but my wife has a Yahoo account. Using this ap is the only way it works on a tablet.
1, I love Yahoo mail
1, Like it better
1, Very helpful....can check my mail when my mom is using the tv, which is my computer, now I can check my emails anytime.
0, This keeps crashing
0, It is about 2 days behind.
0, Does not display all emails.
0, Hate this new download wish I could have the old one back
1, Back in the day when I only used Yahoo on my PC I frequently overlooked my inbox for embarrassingly long periods of time. Often the sheer magnitude of of e-mail to check was daunting and I often put it off even longer making matters that much worse. Then along came my Kindle fire and the Yahoo Mail app and my inbox gets the attention it deserves EVERY day when I open the Kindle. This App is what it says ....MAIL so I don't get sidetracked by all the days stories and cute animals ....I get to my e-mail ...get it done and I am out ( hear choir of angels singing) A nice, clean and easy to use app that really helps me get the job done and on to other things. Thanks to Yahoo for making this available because I really needed it!
0, Yahoo recently saw fit to force everyone into their new email interface. While some things are better, they failed to bring forward all the functionality of the old one.
0, Haven't even been able to use this after downloading it .I'm a real consumer and really I can't understand who would give this app anything but a bad review.I think the owner must have left the review I read .My friends on Facebook won't use it sorry.
1, since ive downloaded this app ive notice I'm using it morning noon & night. haven't experienced any glitches & that's a huge plus.
1, I like having the Yahoo app on my android tablet. It just makes for easy access to my mail. And it was simple to download and simple to use.
1, this makes it easier to check my mail when I'm on the go or at work. i just wish I could add more than one account like I can on my phone.
0, I don't really use it because my Kindle Fire provides its own email reader that check all my accounts, but it does work.
1, Great very helpful
0, I want my old email back. I cannot send pictures to my yahoo account on this new format. I want my old one back because there are other bugs as well.
0, I just didn't like the version it doesn't have what I needed.
1, Thumbs up. It does what I want. I'm a happy camper!
1, I love this app.
0, The app is alright. I haven't used it on my kindle yet.
0, My email account has been hacked into over 3 times within the last 6 months. My kids also have had their's hacked. We ALWAYS sign out of our accounts but it obviously doesn't help. I''ve even deleted all of my contacts and somehow a bogus email was sent to one of my friends. I'm getting ready to 'dump' yahoo and go with another email carrier.
1, I was able to set up my acct quickly and was able to read, edit, and send mail through this...just like I did as if I was online.
1, Works very well.
1, It's a fast way to get to my e-mail fast.
1, I use it often and it is convenient for on the road travels and vacations to check my e mail. No problems whatsoever.
0, The new version was automatically installed. I thought good maybe this will be a nice enhancement. Boy was I wrong. It is not intuitive at all. Uninstalled and reinstalled the old version.
0, The feature that is missing is the ability to turn this app off. As it is, it constantly monitors your e-mail and alerts you to a message delivery. I'd like it better if I could shut everything off as needed or wanted. Instead, I had to resort to deleting the app and just logging in via the browser.
0, Too many garbage ads, and forced to use the app due to the security breach. Yahoo has you if yoj want to access emails from portable devices.
1, Yahoo mail is awesome...would not switch to any other service...and the stationary options are great too!!! Love it very much
1, Easy to use
0, SOMETIME IF WORK SOMETIME IT DON'T.
1, easy enough to get around, send and recieve create folders. i would recommend to my friends and family. GOOD JOB.
1, The Yahoo app is easy to use and it works well. The layout is user friendly and I couldn't be happier with how simple it is.
1, Yahoo is something I can count on!! I can always get my mail, no matter which inbox it's in! I love it!!
1, Makes accessing my email so easy on my Kindle. Haven't used alot of Apps, but I do like it alot
1, Yahoo as it is, no format to learn or get accustom to,great! Downloads easily and smooth installation. Great to use on Kindle versus K9.
0, Did not find the changes to Yahoo Mail to be of any benefit to the user. Bundling the conversation trail into one email might be a space saver for Yahoo but it is a nightmare for the average user!!
1, it is nice to be able to check e-mails on the go.
1, The yahoo app for kindle works great, I can view, reply, send, and delete mail from my inbox junk mail and trash. Does everything yahoo for Windows does. Five stars!!!!!
1, App gives me easy access to my yahoo email
1, great app
0, Okay
0, The new version of this app (Dec '13) is terrible. The old version was one of the better email clients for Kindle out there, but with the new version, they have apparently adopted the poor design of most other Android-based email clients (maybe they took the open source code as a base?). PLEASE go back to the old design! This is bad enough to make me quit reading email on my Kindle! SRSLY!
1, Working great easy to use Quick and easy to get running
0, Updated to the latest OS and Yahoo mail stopped working. Reinstalled and restarted still ends with error message. Need my mail back.
1, A good app for android. Allows access and work to be done efficiently. Personalization performance and professional on the go
1, Helps when I can't get to my laptop.
1, Good
1, I like Yahoo mail.its very responsive when I'm using it.yes I would reconnect it too my friends..Knave always liked Yahoo.
1, Love it
0, Cold not get it to work on my mobile device.
1, Good play action
0, won't increase font size anymore. won't load past e-mails. hard to navigate. uninstalled 3 times trying to fix. no success
1, I have been using Yahoo mail for more than 15 years and I have you to say that it's easy to navigate and always dependable. I have never had an issue with Yahoo email, but I have had problems with other email providers over the years. I have no intention of using any other provider in the future.
1, I like the UI and the emails come fast. The design is awesome and easy to learn. It is great and better then the original email client that comes with the fire
1, Yahoo mail is easy access. I have had my yahoo mail for several years and they do a good job when they upgrade and improve.
0, It pulls up your email quickly but it isn't synced. I have gone through my email earlier in the day on my computer, then when I go to check it later at night on my kindle, everything I know I've deleted earlier in the day is still there. It's frustrating not to have it automatically refresh and sync with everything else.
1, Yahoo for the PC is broken but this app. is great! The PC version I have to keep the dead carcass of but it still syncs to this version, if it weren't for my groups and this great app, I would bury the PC Yahoo and just use this one. If something should go wrong with this version, I hate to say, just hang it up because customer service is just a sign with nothing behind it.Many have found better services for their PCs, but this one so far is a keeper!
1, It's a basic app which works as needed. I get alerts in my kindle when a new email pops up in my inbox. I'm satisfied with the app.
1, Very good & helpful.
0, Pretty nice. It doesn't seem to stay synced with my other yahoo mail apps. I find myself deleting emails over and over again.
1, I was looking for something to connect me with my main email account and calendar and this is a perfect fit.
1, It is really nice to tap on the app and it pulls your email right up. It is quick and easy to checkyour mail. I would have given one more star but some time it is slow. But I really do enjoy using it. Thanks Yahoo Mail.
0, Well, I agree with Sandy whole heartidly! Very, very, very slow! I too have a Kindle tablet. Mail is just a pain. Won't load, I mean between 4 min. To never. Emails will not open 98% of time. Themes...I love to change colors, etc. These few choices make so little difference why bother. It is the same on my desktop PC. Dial up slow if you know what mean. But worse on Kindle which I use maybe more than PC these days. My review...I dearly dislike all the changes. Would love a go back to previous version...please! I have used Yahoo since 2000 at least. This change is not good to keep people sticking with Yahoo when someone like me who likes Yahoo thinks what do I do now, this is shear pain. Yeah, go back to drawing board please. I don' t want to go elsewhere, ok Yahoo.
1, I'm able to get on with my tablet with no hassles bc apps quick and easy. If you have more than one email address you just hit corner key and your on other email with only one touch. Very nice feature!!!!! It's easy to navigate and able to delete emails with no issue.
0, I had to remove this app because it wasn't working and reloaded. And now it's working great,no problems as of yet.
0, I have had multiple errors trying to view new emails. The titles are there, but when I click on new emails it just keeps bringing up old ones and I have to exit the app and go back in to fix it some times.
1, Works well. Haven't had any issues
0, Spam is now everywhere! I find threads hard to follow and can’t even find some messages!
1, Good app.
0, Slow, no notifications.
1, Its smooth, its helpful, it notifys me quick and easy. This is an awesome app and if you have yahoo you should get it!
0, Very poor.
1, yahoo mail works for me! i use it most of the time for receiving and sending my emails. i do have a google mail account as well but prefer the yahoo version for its ease of use and features.
1, Excellent
1, Like the backgrounds fast and easy to use
1, i appreciate the connections I can use through yahoo mail. It helps with every application I need at this time.
1, This app is very help n keep me enforce my email ! I love it! It help me with apps ( Pinterest) n I am in a nursing home n it keeps me enforced!
1, Handy to have it available on tablet
1, Awesome
1, Very pleased with the ease of use.At first I had trouble getting it ti down load.I was able after a couple of times to finally get it ti down load.
1, I mean, it's an app. I didn't know this was going to show up in my Amazon reviews screen. Oh well. The app works and it works well.
0, I have Yahoo Mail on my desktop but ended up deleting it from my Kindle, it didn't seem to work as well as what I already had to read my mail.
1, all good for yahoo. there new mail platform not so good. hard to get through ads
1, I love it.
1, very nice
0, Trash. Doesn't work.
1, Love it, easy to work with.
1, I have a Kindle Fire, and I got the Yahoo mail app for it. Since I got it, I use the app often, it is easy to use, and downloads fast. I give it 5 stars out of 5 stars.
1, I can now use my Kindle to get and read my e-mail. So helpful. Why didn't you do this a long time ago?
0, Ever since the last update it instantly crashes as soon as it tries to open. (on my kindle fire anyway)
1, Ok
1, Things are working really great , really pleased. I am so glad I can receive my EMAIL on my kindle fire HD.
1, It's easy to use, I can monitor all my accounts in one place, and it's dependable. I actually prefer it to the desktop version.
1, I like yahoo and it works for me. I've been with yahoo mail for fifteen years and will not change.
1, Great
1, Love the app...however sometimes it crashes and the app needs to close so it can br a little annoying...good overall though.
1, Great
1, Love Yahoo as it is most familiar to me. This is where I stay in touch with friends and family and it is so convient.
0, It will not accept my login, won't change to English (which is my primary language) even after several attempts. Where "login" is, it says "Ingia". I am very frustrated. I need help!
1, The thing I like about this is I can get my e.mail anytime I am traveling and I don't have to lug my heavy laptop around. And I can even reply.
1, Love yahoo mail, user for years, simple & easy !! Highly recommend...love the new interface ...would love more themes tho
1, An interesting scenario that is both believable and exciting. A well written book that will keep your interest from start to finish.
1, This app makes it so easy to get to my yahoo account. Getting my email and mananging the account is whole lot more easier.
1, I love that I can use this app it's easy to navigate. Keeps me up to date with email and happenings
1, Yayyy
1, works on my kindle. easy access. handy. easy access to attachments. like the new floormat. been with Yahoo mail since I got my email
1, Very nice! Saves so much hassle!!
1, So much easier to use and navigate than plain, pre-installed app on kindle fire. Awesome! I reccomend this for everyone.
0, this is the worst app i can never get on.
0, Not sure if this is a bug or a feature, but on the Kindle Fire, the Yahoo email app shows only ten messages. Also, it automatically assumes you want to display all images in an email. I have not found a way to turn off that "feature." For now, therefore, I am sticking with the email app that comes pre-loaded on the Fire.
1, All good.
1, My cellphone is a very basic model. I use this on my Fire 7 tablet. It alerts me to incoming messages. If they are important enough, I access the laptop. If the message is not worth the bother, I can delete them right away on the tablet.
1, It is easy to navigate, fast and the free apps to download to phone is great. Best of all its free.
1, Yahoo mail good
1, love being able to read mail on the go. i have on my android phone and kindle. works smooth great graphic quality and does not drain battery life
0, My contact list did not carry over. Very frustrating.
1, Just what my father needed.
1, Using the Yahoo mail app makes viewing mail very easy to get to mail quickly; still having problems with navigating.
1, Yahoo Mail is a functional easy to use app for Yahoo email management on Kindle Fire. I gave up using Kindle's email app because it always created discrepancies between my inbox on my tablet and my laptop. I haven't used the topic categorization feature and am not sure I need it.
1, Beats carrying a laptop or netbook around to check your mail. Screen is naturally larger than my phone, so is much easier to read.
0, I like that I am notified when there is a new mail message and I can go directly to it to read it no need to check every so often
1, I have a MetroPCS Coolpad (two years old) and it is no longer compatible with Yahoo's Mail for Android. As long as you do not delete the older version of the app you are OK, however, I did remove it from my phone with the intention of re-installing and quickly realized that I was in trouble. I tried the Google Play Store, Metro's app store, links on line and got the same message - NOT COMPATIBLE WITH YOUR PHONE. AND each app provider only offered the latest released version. Then Amazon popped into my head. I downloaded the free app and in minutes could check my email.
0, did not work
0, Does not work on a Kindle.
1, free
0, Thumbs down
1, clear and to the point.
1, Love it!! Makes accessing email very easy.
1, Been using it since '08. I can now use my Google account.
0, cannot edit contacts. get Yahoo! app instead and you have access to contacts, calendar and other features of PC based application. Yahoo Mail should be Yahoo Lite
0, No inbox, can't find emails. How do I revert back?
1, It works quite well. Just fine.
0, The older version worked much better. Hard to delete e-mail, hard to download e-mail. I have to go only to Yahoo and delete e-mail. Hard to understand how to respond to an e-mail. Not user friendly at all. I am using it because there is nothing else to use on my Kindle Fire.
0, Using the Mail app on my Kindle was much better. With this app I can only delete one email at a time, I cannot mark messages as spam, and emails with the same title are not grouped.
1, I love it!!! I love the color themes, they have dark purple with dark background! Easy on the eyes. Easy to use,too!
1, A vast improvement over the previous version. Like it actually works!
1, Fun read.
1, Yahoo has made some good changes. Most of all I like signing in with my fingerprint. And another feature that I like is instead of deleting messages one by one you can review your messages or not and then just delete the whole day with one touch. Good job Yahoo!
0, Ugh! I have to log in every time I wish to view my mail on my kindle device. When I do, it takes a few minutes, 5 minimum to search for new mail only for it to tell me that my inbox is completely empty, which I know it is not. All I have to do is check the same app on my phone and Preston, mail. I have reloaded the app to my kindle and no change, this app is worthless mop
1, I enjoy Yahoo Mail, it's clean & simple
1, I've tried others, like Gmail, I also have hotmail (NOT LIKE IT AT ALL)...YAHOO MAIL is my wonderful way to communicate with everyone. I also enjoy the "emoticons" (Those of Hotmail are soooo boring). I use them a lot. HOTMAIL used to be ok, but now, with all these "renovations"....boooo! YAHOO!...Go for it!
1, Completely satisfied!!
1, I love yahoo..easy to get to and eady to use..great syatem
1, 👍
1, A useful and highly functional email application. Password recovery is quick.
1, I have been using this exclusively for my email for over a month. It took a while to learn how to use it on my Fire. The app does not automatically refresh in the inbox (but it does in other folders) so you have to touch the menu button and touch refresh to force it to fetch more emails when deleting/moving emails. If this is fixed, I'll come back and edit this review to give it 5 stars.
1, Easy and simple to use.
1, A
1, Added this app to my Kindle which makes it so nice and easy to get my mail without having to get on my PC.
0, yesterday the app wouldn't stop beeping notifications at me on my kindle fire. I finally had to uninstall to make it shut up. The fact that you cant view more than 10 emails at a time is also pretty cumbersome. I am going to wait to reinstall and use the fire's email app for now.
0, I don't really like it, having two places to look at my email: focused and other. I'd rather have it date order in one place.
1, I've had Yahoo for over 15 years and have always loved their features and security. Well, to my surprise the app is just as great! I recently found out that when I change my background on my Yahoo page it also does it on my app! It looks sooo pretty! Can't and don't have a single complain! ^_^
1, Been a Yahoo client for a long time. I use gmail too. Yahoo's like "old faithful". It's reliable, powerful and HOT!!!
1, I use it everyday. Its part of my life. I am not sure what to say but its pretty reliable on getting my mail.
0, The app isn't too bad, to be honest. But it is super annoying. Every time I try to browse the web, it redirects to the app store, straight to this app. I hate this app. I hope you're happy, yahoo. I downloaded your terrible app.
0, It slows down just looking at emails without all the extras
1, have had yahoo on my desk top for years works great. Now on my android and tablet
1, This has come in handy as can now check my email on my Kindle Fire when I am away from home. It helps keep me current and keeps the amount of emails down as I can get to them anytime I want.
1, I like this because I can lay in bed and check my mail
0, I have AT&T and my email is powered by Yahoo and I hate. I don't know if it is yahoo or something else, but I constantly have problems and I don't like that it will not send you confirmation when someone opens an email. Before Yahoo started servicing my email, I could get that feature.
0, i'm getting over yahoo period...they are changing things for the worst. I have deleted this app.
1, Great app
0, It has the same capabilities as the e-mail app that comes with the Kindle. Neither has a box for selecting all messages for a mass deletion process. I deleted it from my device.
0, Yahoo is horrible. The older versions worked easier and smoother. I only keep it because I have had it for 16 years and all my contacts over those years have Tha email address.
1, It's handy but sometimes it takes too long to connect to WiFi. It spins so long that I just stop the connection. Can be better.
1, Great to use in-house when I can't be on the desktop. I do not think anyone could get my personal information with this open app. I like that I don't have to sign in .
1, Not a bad app. Easy to use and it has everything you expect.
1, I have used this on several different smartphones and 2 different Kindles. Very nice layout for my mailbox services and simple to use. I highly recommend it for Yahoo mail users.
1, Good app..
1, Best chair I've ever had!!! It's so comfortable and looks great!! I loved it so much I bought another one.
1, Always liked yahoo mail when I can get into it
1, Works great for me.
0, Yahoo mail is not dependable. I only use it to reply to those who have it. I lost it on Kindle and even when I had it, it did not work without issues.
0, Don't want safe mode. Put my apps back on home page!!!!
1, Love it
1, Very easy to manage and always reliable.
1, Direct access to yahoo mail as I set it up in unit setup had ceased to load New mail. Is good to have it back on the Kindle. Functions much like the laptop version now.
1, Lineup is a lot better and easy to find stuff.
1, just as good as laptop app....
1, I love yahoomail
1, I Got the mail program for a message board that I subscribe to. It serves the purpose well. Gives me another address to check.
0, Don't like the new look I like the old way
1, If I use my tablet or device mail app, the items are still sitting in my inbox on another devise. With the app, all folder moves , deletions, etc.are reflected on all my devices. Unfortunately, the app does not combine my 2 yahoo accounts into one place like the website does. Something they need to fix.
1, It's easy to use and gets me right to my e-mails.
1, Safe and secure way to get and send your mail. I have used this account for years with no problems.
0, Yahoo upgrade = annoyance. On my Kindle it glitches and I can't open attachments or see photos or documents. I can download them.....just not allowed to view them. I hate the consolidation of "conversations". I track by date and sort into my own folders. I don't need Yahoo to make my life "easier". As for security? Hacked again....
1, Works Great.
1, Great quality.
0, Use to be a good little app but now they have included ads I am removing the ap and moving to gmail.
0, If I could have given it a 0 I would have. No instructions, confusing opening after I had entered my password (that said it was wrong but opened it), and very confusing headers for each item.
1, Would like a tool to quickly find and delete or move blocks of messages that I would like to delete or save offline etc Would tomorrow give your programmers enough time to get this done? I bet I am not the first to raise this request Thanks for listening!
0, It's okay. But I liked checking off several at a time to delete if needed.
0, The app is designed to be one size fits all. It does not allow the amount of personalization that I want. The help function is generic.
1, Yahoo mail is pretty much easy to use and all, however, it was better with the messenger app and it's chat rooms. I miss those things
1, The App version is very user friendly. Too many adds on desktop version that slow it down. Some recent security issues as well that make one wonder if they will be vulnerable in the future.
0, Don't like I have to get a keycode to log in to my email.
1, I have been using Yahoo email for almost two decades and I will never consider another email source as my go-to email. This app that I downloaded works beautifully. The interface is smooth, getting to my messages very easy, everything is legible, no confusion. I also love that I'm able to connect to other email addresses and read them on here with ease. Couldn't ask for anything better.
0, I hate this. I can't get into the site I want without this popping up. It bounces me back to the Yahoo Mailbox that I already have and not to the site where I want to go. It's beyond annoying.
1, Using yahoo mail for years, still think it is best of all of others. Love it, can't live without it. AND, its security features are better than before.
1, Does what I need it for the way I expected it.
1, Always been a fan of yahoo mail. So glad I can open it anywhere!
1, This is a great app.
0, It's work ok
1, Yay!! I can finally get rid of all my spam at once instead of going page after page deleting only a couple hundred @a Time!! Now I don't mind checking my mail!!!
1, Does what I need it to do. Easy, even on a kindle!
1, Works well with kindle fire. The app the comes with the kindle is a pain.
1, Yahoo
1, I love it because I can check my mail whenever I need to. It helps me keep up width friends.
1, App
1, I find the Yahoo app very easy to use.
1, I always get the emails I want and even some I don't.
1, Works well on Kindle. Helps with weeding out junk and staying organized.
0, Worked great until I updated it today. Now it won't load any message. You would think a big player developer could develop an app without these issues.
1, I like it
1, It's easy for me to use as I am not very smart on computers
1, I been with the gang at Yahoo since the beginning and consider them family... 🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺
1, I can do everything in this app on a small tablet that I can do on a PC on the web.
1, easy to use .good design. Have used for years
0, Fine although a little tight in my left food.
1, Been using it forever....its the best!! Would recommend to anyone...
0, Can't get this on my Kindle Fire HD 8.9. With Yahoo's new security that means I can't get email on this kindle :(
1, Have never had no problems an easy to work with....
1, Having Yahoo is the best thing I ever invested in !
0, I always did like Yahoo
1, Very good, except for too many animated ads that make it sluggish at times.
1, The nice part about this app is that it works anywhere.
1, This app is very user friendly. Easy navigation!
1, Works great I love it
1, Great for nearby family if you know their e-mail address
1, I have been using this app almost daily without any problems.
1, It occasionally de-syncs and I have to check the main website, but otherwise perfect!
1, Very nice. Easy and logical operation. I recommend it to everyone.
0, I used to use this application all the time on my Android phone. But today I found it has a VERY DISTURBING problem. I cannot look at my yahoo email at work, so I have been depending on my Android smart phone to stay in touch with my email. Today my husband (who also reads my email) called to let me know that I received an email from a friend that I had been looking forward to getting. THIS EMAIL WAS NOT LISTED ON THE YAHOO EMAIL APP ON MY PHONE!!! My husband went over the messages he saw on my home computer, one by one, and almost half of the messages were missing on my phone!! Just not there!!! I have no idea of how many, possibly important, messages I have been missing all the while I have used this application. This is ten times worse than having to ignore ads. This is a complete deal breaker for me. I feel betrayed by an application like this that just pretends to show you all your email. (In case this has something to do with my particular phone, I have TMobile's Prepaid Samsung Exhibit II 4G and version 1.4.4.12415 of Yahoo! Mail.)
1, I have used yahoo for what feels like forever. As long as I can remember. It's great. Never had a problem. Yahoo!
0, Yahoo mail continually gets hacked and then your entire address book is spammed. You try and get help from yahoo and it's impossible to get ahold of an actual person. Good luck. Their phone system is so jammed with complaints that if you get past the constant busy signal, you are then on hold for 20 mins then a recording comes on and says they are too busy to answer your call and hangs up on you. The constant barrage of ads and their junior high school level "reporters" that can't put two sentences together and twist whatever story they are telling to their own personal beliefs is ridiculous. Use some other email system and forget yahoo, they suck!
0, This app is clunky, intrusive and unnecessary. If yahoo would just work with Amazon Mail there would be no problem. Yahoo says it's unsecured. HA! How does Yahoo know what is and what's not secure as they've had their system hacked multiple times. I hated the clunky app and the permissions are WAY excessive and as well as being none of their business.
1, I like using Yahoo it has served me well.
1, Love it !
1, This game is as close to being at a real Casino than I have ever had imagined! Great fun!
1, But I have really been looking towards this one for along time,I'm happy I have got it so I can enjoy having another one..
1, Works really well but takes a bit of getting used to the format.
1, This app does everything I need it to, and does it well. Though, to be fair I never need it for anything aside from checking my e-mail. I also like how it tells me when I have new mail in an unobtrusive manner that is rather easy to ignore, should you wish to.
1, Had forever will always
1, works good
0, This app is not available in the app store. Why ask for a rating?
0, Often sluggish in loading mail; errors; won't load inbox automatically; sometimes difficult to retrieve a thread with a download after replying to it.
1, Nice and simple. It works for me and its easy to check my mail. I recommend it for anyone who has yahoo.
1, like it
1, On my fourth kindle in the last four years. This app is improving
1, I really like this app. The font is great, and access to folders and settings is easier than what I previously had.
1, Love this app . My yahoo that I can take anywhere and have. Can check all my e-mails and it alerts me to new e-mails.
0, I used to enjoy using mail but since it changed its format, it no longer works for me. I have now set up a Gmail account and am very happy with it, especially the lack of spam. I rate Yahoo mail a dismal one star at this time.
1, like it
1, Good
1, I have four separate e -mails to check. Loads quick and I can move between files and other address ...I love this on my kindle fire.
1, This app on my Kindle Fire makes checking my e-mail so much easir than having to fire up the computer every time. I love that I can respond and delete emails. Every function available on my computer is available here.
0, I've had this app on Toshiba thrive for about six months. No problems........till now with the last update on 4/10/12. Still works fine but has annoying animated ads on the bottom. Guess free was too good, had ta add something ta get lazy terds like me to take time to write reviews. Well, that's it, I've spoken my mind now. Wasn't that REAL INFORMATIVE!!!
1, wonderful
0, worked great in the past but sucks on windows 8 -- windows 8 sucks -- what a s*** system -- the microsoft windows 8 sucks -- reason to buy an apple product
0, I'm right in the middle on this one. I find it convenient and useful. I worry about security and would prefer more options for customization.
0, Too small, difficult to use on a 7' tablet
1, This apps allows me to see my email. I don't know how it would be better because it works well enough... No real issues.
1, They updated it to be just like th computer version. It's really great. Mostly because you don't have to load every page. Basically, it is just really convenient.
1, I like the app. I wish they had a better delete system but overall it is a nice app. I recommend people use it.
0, It would be great if it didn't continuously freeze & die.
0, I liked the app until I had to update it. now anytime I send or even delete an email it forces close. I cant delete old emails...it wont let me perform the function and the "push pull" inconvenient. before I got a notification of emails now im constantly refreshing it. Can I have the old app back please??
1, Great site yo use
1, I like this program because it allows me to check my emails when I am not able to get to my laptop.
1, It has great sound by itself but if you have a bose radio, you can have an at home wonderful experience.
0, Trying to go through my mail and delete want I don't need and the app seems to be having trouble doing so, it is quite glitchy to include the menu and options bar that doesn't seem to present itself when appropriate.
0, I really don't care for the new Yahoo Mail. The ads are in the way, It is more annoying to use and makes me wonder what else Yahoo is doing.
1, Still my favorite
1, Good luck Yahoo for 2015!
0, I got the yahoo mail app hoping that I can use my Kindle for my personal and business email. I have two business accounts with emails through yahoo. The app doesn't support business mail. So there is actually no difference between the yahoo mail app and the regular mail app on the kindle. Actually the regular kindle app is probably better because you can at least bring in gmail or exchange accounts. There is really no use for this app other than taking space. If they want to make this better they need to include business email accounts.
0, It's hit and miss on working and very slow to load.
1, I like this interface much better than the Kindle Fire mail client. I like being able to manage my multiple Yahoo accounts easily and seperately.
0, It's sucks.
1, Love this app!!! Easy to use, easy to delete, access the different files, and move through inbox without having to wait for page loads. Also like the customizable backgrounds available!! Alot more accessible than signing into Yahoo first, just tap on the app and you have your mail.
1, This app is incredible - so easy and convenient. I can see the site better and I like the look. Better than before.
1, It's awesome
0, this last update means I have to use my laptop to read my email! what good is an app for mobile devices if it doesn't allow you to do what you need to do and is a step ( or 2) backwards in technology.
1, The new update is fantastic
1, A very useful app.
1, injoy this app easy to uses if you use Yahoo you will like this app simple to use Yahoo mail is my main mail. I have others but Yahoo is my favorite
1, It's works good
1, This is a great app. I only have one complaint about it.It seems to not have a reply button, but it's not a big thing so I give it five stars.
0, With the quality of the android app Yahoo has built - 1. fire the entire staff first, start with the QA manager 2. plan to exit the business Yahoo, with this kind of quality you man not survive long.
1, I like the set up on it especially the smiley faces! !! But I don't like how hard it is to change passwords and to get into profile! !!
1, Very convenient app. Works the same as on my phone.
1, I don't do my e-mail here very often but since I do not have lap top I find that I can check my e-mails when I am out of town. I have been using this for about 8 months now..
1, Lot better and I will tell friends about yahoo mail.
0, I use thus on my phone all the time but tor some reason you cant scroll through email on the fire. that flaw makes it almost worthless
1, No problem at all
1, Great
0, Like the older version much better
1, I like most, if not all the features. My only problem is with the option to delete messages. I wish there was an easy way to delete as many as you want without having to check each message. Maybe an option to enter an amount. It will make cleaning your files easier and quicker.
0, I just don't like apps.
1, I've been fairly happy with this app on my Kindle Fire. It's been much easier than using the browser to check my mail. I haven't had the issues with how many emails it displays. I simply scroll the page and I can easily view as many as I want. My two main issues are the contacts and the new ads. When I try to compose a message and try to add a contact, it always takes me to a blank list. This means I either have to memorize email addresses, or find an old email from that contact and hit reply. I cannot find a folder to view the contacts when not writing a message so I can't view them that way either. The ads don't bother me much, but since the update that added them, it seems to have a bit of a lag when switching between pages.
1, It's YAHOO...what else is there to say.....
1, A very cool app for previewing, deleting, or writing emails on your kindle. It is much better than the browser. Perfect for just reading and deleting while on vacation!
1, accurate description.
0, Really like this app. I have all my accounts signed up. I can see them combined, or seperatly.
1, Easy to use, rather use this app on my kindle fire then open mail on my pc.
0, No combined inbox capability.
1, Luv ya great service thanks
1, Had yahoo mail for years. I'm happy with it.
0, app will hang and will be slow to respond. other issue is: will open the wrong email I have sent issues to Yahoo
1, Works; except opens without password. I have to figure this out.
1, Nice email site, thanks!
1, its email...whatsever don't ask.me again you tires. tired of the reminders and stuff. go snake yourselves in the blab blab blah
0, Can't sign into my account after first opening new account
1, Only bad thing is I cannot log out. Otherwise, it's great.
0, Increasingly unreliable.
0, I use the YM app a lot and often have my patience tested when an email I'm reading bounces (for lack of a more descriptive term) off the damn page. Sometimes even before I OPEN an email the entire Yahoo site will simply bounce into oblivion to be replaced by another site I'd visited before. However, it all happens infrequently enough that I haven't decided it's not worth using (it's a better alternative than Kindle Fire's onboard mail app).
1, Yahoo Mail is consistently competitive. The only negative is that I can't seem to find a way to go back to the inbox after deleting an email when using the app. It simply opens the next email and I find that annoying.
1, I Have given every different email program a try, over the last several years, but for me, Yahoo is my first and now exclusive choice. However, it has not always been worthy of my exclusivity; 5 years ago, I couldn't unsubscribe fast enough! There have been many improvements over the years, thankfully, and in my opinion, a few small but important fixes would put Yahoo Mail miles above the rest! <MORE ON THOSE CHANGES NEEDED SOON>
1, Clearer titles to posts.
1, useful
1, Very easy to sign up for . Love it
0, Can't sort, difficult to choose multiple messages to delete, bad spam screening means you get a lot of junk email.
1, Like it works good. Easy to use.
1, This app is the best of all I have tried. My mail comes up formatted in a readable fashion. It is pretty much exactly what you would expect from a good functional email program.
1, I WAS GETTING MY MAIL THRU A YAHOO NEWS APP. MOST OF THE TIME WHEN I TRIED TO &#34;trash&#34; MULTIPLE EMAILS IT WOULDN'T DO IT. I ALSO USED TO ALWAYS GET &#34;page loading&#34; MESSAGES THAT NEVER ENDED. THIS IS WAY BETTER!
1, The Yahoo email app helps me manage my Ymail efficiently via my Kindle with the cumbersome need of doing it through a Web browser. There are glitches here and there but I honestly cant say whether they are from the app or the Kindle, which is very glitch-prone!
0, It's ok. It gets the job done.
1, Great app..never crashes for me like so many of these free apps are prone to do. Easy to use. Love it!
0, I am really irritated by the app asking me to enable location services EVERY time I go into the app to check my mail. Please fix ASAP.
1, Love Yahoo mail. Have had it for many years and never a glitch. Controls spam very well. Lots of options to choose to make it easier to customize.
1, Excellent app. Give me access to my email when I'm on the go. I'm sure millions of smartphone users will find this app as useful as I did.
1, It is super awsome!!!!!!
1, I put this on my kindle when the app that came wirh it quit working ????? This works fine.
0, I was happy with the email on my Kindle and all of a sudden it didn't work. Amazon says it's ATT's fault. I don't know what to think but I don't like Yahoo. I don't use it at all. I don't like anything about it. Who uses Yahoo if they don't have too. I'm mad at Amazon too. Why did they let this happen?
1, Works as advertised - amazing in this day and age!
1, Work's good
1, I love the new yahoo mail, it works really well with all my devices. It is really easy to switch back and forth from all my accounts. Thanx yahoo.😀
0, keeps timing out on my kindle fire and asking if I want to wait or force close. also goes to a screen that tells me about the "new" conversation feature that cant be turned off - this delays opening email for over a minute usually - but this is free so cant complain too much
1, I needed an app with a better formatted setup for an easier means of checking my email that could handle processing them quicker and more thoroughly.
0, I have been a Yahoo mail user for almost 20 years. While it is nice to be able to get your mail on a mobile device, this app still has a lot of issues. Chief among these is the fact that it often as not fails to delete items that you have told it to delete.
0, Not helpful just another app.
0, Really wish you could access the group I have set up in the desktop version from the mobile version. I use this for work (church secretary) and frequently need to send out group emails. It's very tedious to do that from this version.
0, This app worked great, sync'd well with my other devices and pretty much did all that I could ask. Then along came the update (read all the other reviews regarding the update). Multiple problems have occurred: the Yahoo! icon is now just a gray blob (I could live with this), slooooow uploads of email, says it deleted email, but it really hasn't, cannot remove old empty folders from the created folder screen, etc. Thought I would give Yahoo a few days to debug, but things have not gotten any better. I do like the new format and think this may have potential... However, I am so frustrated that I am going to remove the app. Maybe I will reload it when reviews regarding the update start improving???
1, I can't live without this app. Though, I really wish they would fix the freezing issue. I've been using this app for over 3 years and it still freezes when it syncs. Sometimes I have to completely close it out and open it again.
1, I like the fact that I can check my yahoo mail while away from home without trying to read the little words on my cell phone. I also like the idea of it being right on the carousel for easy choosing.
1, I like using this app better than using my kindle fire hd email program. It's easier to move around in and see emails. It's easy to delete and clean out junk mail box. Very good app.
1, Works just as you would expect it to. Much more convenient then checking email through the web browser.
0, I totally dislike the new Yahoo. I dislike the combination of message histories. I dislike the message deleted from drafts once the message is sent--although I do like the automatic saving to drafts. For some reason messages to me come to me as ME. It drives me crazy. Half of the time it takes a long time to open a message once I get to my Inbox. RAK
0, does OK. the pop up at every start gets old. does not seem to stay current. for example I just got yesterdays emails...24hours late.
0, This Yahoo! Mail app destroyed many (if not most) of my contacts. Last week it sent a dozen or so duplicate eMails to many of my SENT eMail recipients. The software app is a piece of CRAP (written by amateurs)!
1, Great app. No problems. Works without the agravations encountered with other apps.access all yahoo accounts in one place and with ease.
1, Great App*****
0, Generally this app is okay and works. I like the new design. I have never been able to open attachments on my Kindle Fire, which is sometimes a problem. Since the latest update, I often have trouble opening messages. I open them, but nothing is there. The only way to read them is to close the app and try again. Sometimes it still doesn't work.
1, great
1, This is the quickest, most direct access and easiest connection to my mail! I greatly appreciate how efficient it is
1, This app is exactly like the Yahoo Mail app on my iPhone. It works great on my Kindle Fire 8.9 HDX and I am able to access my emails flawlessly as well as compose and send emails to others. Bringing up attachments is simple and images can saved to the Fire photo files with a simple command. I recommend this app to anyone who has a Yahoo account and who is using the Kindle Fire.
0, I now have a random photo which I can't change. I have searched the help topics and what they say to do doesn't work, I don't even see the things I am being told to do. I hate this new version for my kindle!!
1, It's very easy to use. I love that it supports multiple accounts. I've not had any problems with this app.
1, I loaded this app on my LG Lucid and my Kindle Fire. Mainly due to the frustration of the generic mail app not fully functional for Yahoo. Could not delete email on the generic app and it was really frustrating so I loaded Yahoo. Works great on both of my devices!
0, Don't need or want ads in my email
1, Like getting my email on my fire tablet.
1, I always love yahoo and they constantly work on improving an already great app. It works for me. I like the ability to change themes and color scheme. I have two yahoo emails - one for personal and the other for business.
1, I had and still have issues with accessing my Yahoo account using the mail app on my S3. The rep at the Verizon store couldn't resolve it either and suggested I download the Yahoo mail app. It's as function as the web desktop version, no issues.
0, Two reasons that I am not completely satisfied with Yahoo! (1) Having to use my Yahoo password so often....this is a recent problem (2) Too much trouble to sign in due to system being upper case sensitive.
1, love the look and icons but my favorite is deleting emails - love sliding them away!
1, Good.
0, On other iOS devices, Yahoo Mail is a pretty good app. However, on the Fire Phone, it's clunky, slow and downright annoying at times. One of the most problematic features is the fact that when reading an e-mail, if you expand the message to say, see a photo closer, if you start moving around in zoom in mode, the next thing you know, you are reading the next or previous message. Also, the app seems to take quite a while to initially load messages and refreshes the message list EVERY TIME you go back to the list...which means you stare at a spinning set of arrows for up to 30 seconds. I don't know why the list is not cached until the user refreshes the list (like the Apple version of the app.) It is almost problematic enough to want it use the web based mail if it wasn't for the annoying pop up encouraging you to use the app instead...
0, I used to love this app, until the update a week or so ago. Now, it freezes constantly, forgets to notify me, and looks ugly. Also, I have deleted the same messages 3 times, just to find them back in my inbox! Please fix this soon! I'm missing important emails because of these fails.
1, Excente, I use all time
1, I like it! Very easy to use
1, Works great.I wish I had this sooner.
0, The format is terrible
1, In have used Yahoo email since 1996. I j 've it's service, it's reliability, it's freedom to use as needed. There has been on occasion that trying to get a hold of customer service is hard. Customer service is wonderful once you can contact them. As well on occasion, therevis,a hold on my account because they find suspicious behavior, nutritive motherland at The time becausecwhatvtheyvworrybabout with keeping my accountants makes it impossible to gain access Tommy account with no way to resolve the problem at first. I appreciate their diligence, but not keeping me out of can account. I am pleased with.Yahoo email for about 98%. Itvis,after All a free service.
1, Love it. Thank you.
1, Nice having it in my kindle fire tablet. Yahoo will always be a part of my family of devices. It's always worth the download.
1, Don't like how it combines with my own email
1, Good window for Kindle Fire yahoo mail
0, Stop trying to be fancy and just be email. Get back to basics! Or at least get it right and stop glitching.
1, Very easy to load and immediately functions!
0, Descent app for yahoo mail good features.
1, I like this app cuz its functional to the point its not overly hard to use. I have both my accounts on it and can easily switch back and forth w/o having to sign in and out. plus on a kindle its easier to use then going to their website and trying to press the itty bitty links...if u have a kindle id use it..idk about other devices cause I only have a kindle but its a good app
1, Clear text with icons. I would prefer to see the time when new messages are received rather than how long ago in minutes or hours.
0, the blue back ground is too dark not enough contrast difficult to read. the contrasting colors were more readable. return to old format.
1, This app allows me to access my email without delay. I have another email client that was installed on the kindle fire when I got it and, that app became compromised when I had to change my password. The app will not recognize the new password and continues to search for mail using the old one -- which causes Yahoo to send multiple security notices per day. I am using this app exclusively now for email retrieval.
0, I have Sirius on two cars. I couldn't find out easily if i would be charged extra for using the app on my kindle fire. I think I would as an internet option.
1, I've been with Yahoo! Mail since I've had an e-mail account, and I'm probably going to stay forever, but I wish they wouldn't keep making it more "cool" all the time. Every time they add a feature it becomes a little more cumbersome to use. Seems they have a "G-Mail envy" problem; guys, if I wanted an e-mail account that looked and felt like G-mail I'd go there. Just do us all a favor and "let Yahoo! by Yahoo!" & give us back a bigger screen -- and, leave the 7-speed blender option out. I don't need to mix up a daiquiri from my inbox; I just want to read the mail!!
1, I am particularly impressed with how effective it is to sort my email into my folders.
1, I love this app. I had been using my browser on my kindle - this makes getting my emails super easy!
0, I cannot get yahoo to work with my kindle. I cannot get mail through Verizon Yahoo. Any suggestions?
1, Works well for an app. Don't seem to have any problems. Not as easy to create folders and move emails.
1, I like every thing about yahoo the features-security and safety. I recommand this product to every one. I can not compare this product with any other because this product is very understanding unlike other products. I have had this product since 2002 and I have no reason to change it for other products.
1, I think I actually like it better than any other e-mail app for any device (including my laptop)!
0, My replies and sent email is not being saved AND conversation is enabled. This is a HUGE problem so after many years w Yahoo mail, I will have to move on. I have reinstalled the app and refreshed on both laptop and phone but it hasn't fixed the problem. I have to bcc myself each time I send an email. This problem started on Sept 26th of this year. Yahoo, WHY did you fix what wasn't broken until your fix?????
1, Always works well.
0, I liked it better before the change can't delete like it used to...before I could go to the top click delete and that would delete the entire screen now I have to do a few at a time and still I go back and they are not deleted slowly changing to another also if I click opn email befote opening it, to delete can't unclick if I change my mind I would like to create my on list of message folders without the yahoo list of folders in my way that I never use
1, No complaints yet. I'm a satisfied new customer.
1, awesome
0, Love the app EXCEPT for the fact that I spend half my time deleting the same emails over and over! I started "starring" email so I could tell quickly if I already read it. Too many times emails come back that I just deleted. Very frustrating!
1, This is a good interface that works better than the smartphone app, but not quite as good as the website. It the tablet is horizontal it shows the email list on the left and a preview pane on the right which I like.
1, I like my Yahoo because I can log in and find out who sent me messages from Facebook and from other friends.
1, I use on my kindle and I haven't had a problem navigating through the folders. It's pretty user friendly. Reading, deleting, sending emails is easy.
0, I only use this app on my android tablet. Buggy, buggy, buggy. The app will show previous email previous when clicking on a new email, the back buttons works only here and there and the signature placed at the bottom gets in the way or does not shift down if you type more than 3 or 4 lines in your message. I have to go through the setting and see if there is a way to delete the signature completely.
0, Jumps around all the time. When I delete sometimes ending up deleting an email I haven't read yet. Freezes all the time and I have to close program and go to my other email account, till it decides to start working again.
1, It worked great for me
0, while I have used this app for a long time for my mail, I still have to constantly clear the cache and sometimes even uninstall it and reinstall it (more than twice) due to not being able to see most of my emails.
1, I love using this app on my Kindle, but where do you sign out? The notifications constantly run so my battery life doesn't last as long. I keep looking around but I have yet to find the sign out button. Overall this is a great app for the Kindle. Just fix that problem.
1, I believe they've improved the app...so far so good.
1, yahoo Mail is Like all the rest of the E-Mail once you get so you can find your way around they upgrade it and change things but if you did not upgrade then we would complain because you didn't upgrade so I GUESS I'M SAYING I LIKE IT BECAUSE I USE IT ON MY LAPTOP AND KINDLE
0, Forget my password. To much non information to attempt retrieving. Hard to work thru. Would you help.
1, Was difficult to set up as my contacts didn't transfer from my previous kindle
1, I've been with Yahoo mail for many years and its always been safe and reliable.
1, All shipment delivers have been prompt and results always satisfactory.
0, I am sorry, I Liked it better, like it was. If it ain't broke, don't fix it! New is not always best.
1, I love Yahoo mail because it filters junk mail thank goodness! I hate spam mail and never worry about it anymore. I recommend it as your personal email.
0, There is no way to speak to a person at yahoo if the need arises
1, I like it, I had to verify twice but besides that it's a great app!
0, What is this anyway"
1, Terrific, nice little spontaneous gifts
1, For now it works good.
1, The app is a nice touch to my kindle and I like it, even though lately it's gotten to be slow and won't work as well.
1, Added this to my Kindle and I love the convenience.
1, This is a really useful app for getting straight into your yahoo e-mail. It is simple and straightforward. easy to use. What more could you want?
0, Several weeks ago my Yahoo Mail abruptly changed back to the old version. I can no longer add files to send, or open files that are sent to me. I can't change preferences or open the options menu. I have repeatedly sent Email to customer service, all of which have been ignored. I've tried calling the customer service phone number, only to find a busy signal, or put on hold until eventually the line goes dead. I'm told that the mail won't work with Explorer and to use a different browser. But all my saved favorites are on Explorer and don't transfer to another browser. I'm seriously considering going with another service.
1, It is a very very excellence and fun to see the message that I am so glad to be writing.......
1, Good app to access your Yahoo! Mail on the go. I use it on the Kindle Fire HDX.
1, I have always liked my email with them and now I can get it on my Kindle. That is very helpful. I apprciate the ability to do that.
1, I can now read my Yahoo Mail on my Kindle. The only thing is the zoom function creates a lot of white space around the edges of each email.
1, I enjoy Yahoo mail and I have know complaints. I always get my mail and haven't experienced any kind of problems.
0, could not get it to work...
1, Very nice
1, very easy to use love having it on the kindle. been using it for years on the computer . it`s the best
0, since updating yesterday, my email will not load. I will leave the app open for hours and still nothing. wish I could undo it. fix quickly!
0, Yahoo recently changed its mail and I hate it......I can't find emails, its confusing and difficult to manage. I have opened an MSN account and I'm moving my emailing to MSN.
1, Downloads were very easy and quick. I have Att e-mail but use yahoo to get my mail. 3 more words.
1, Good app. Works well from cell to laptop.
0, Nice phone but the battery life is terrible. Charging does not even last 24 hours and that's with only a couple phone calls.
1, works just like yahoo mail at any computer.
1, I love yahoo mail. It's so easy and convenient to use.In my experience I have yet to find another emailing prohram that has everything but the kitchen sink. If your new to computers this is great for you, if you know everything about computers then it's also great. I would recommend this over any other email
1, Works great, user friendly.
0, I h a 've no way to log off this app. Not very secure.
1, Allows me to pull up my emails where ever Wifi is available. Nice to be able to view larger print on the Kindle Fire vs the Iphone
1, i am enjoying the app.it works best for me,as my att email is out of order.the tech support man was very helpful in setting it up.thanks.
0, one afternoon about 2 weeks after I got my kindle the notifications kept going off eventhough I didn't have any mail!
1, Easy! Easy!
1, I love my yahoo mail,I have a couple others but never use them.
0, The phone app works better that the computer version. The recent updates make a big difference in performance, which is a huge improvement!
1, I NEED IT VERY GOOD
1, Good app
1, Works well
1, Good
1, Like this
0, I have had so much trouble with this app since it updated. It is worthless to me now. I am no longer able to check email on yahoo with my Kindle Fire. It wont delete in bulk at all and wants to "foreclose" halfway through and email. I have tried to delete and redownload and it repeats the same thing. I loved the old app and had no issues. This is beyond frustrating. PLEASE FIX THIS YAHOO!!
1, Would highly recommend to anyone who has yahoo for their email because it's very quick and easy plus free is always good.
1, I can fully access my email from the Kindle Fire and it shows me if I have new email. It works really great.
1, love this app. keeps me up to date on my e-mails. great download all should use this. great app yay
1, Not much to say. This is a favorite in my kindle fire HD. It loads up nice and quick. I hardly use my desk top anymore
0, Yahoo! Mail has worked great for me for years. I just did the update on my Kindle Fire a few days ago, and now it force closes EVERY time I open it and try to perform any sort of action. Absolutely ridiculous.
0, I am totally frustrated. with this app because when I try to read my messages it wii not load them! To be able to read them I have to uninstall and reinstall about every three or four days! NOT COOL!!
0, This app freezes on my kindle fire and won't refresh messages. I always have to delete the app and install it again to get it to go again. It does this every two weeks. I have installed this app 10 or more times. It would be helpful if Yahoo would work on this issue and correct the problem.
1, Just what I needed
1, very good
1, It's so convenient when traveling with my Kindle to get notified when I have new mail and so easy to retrieve it. I now leave the laptop at home.
1, Can't do without it.
1, Handy to have on my phone I just wish it wouldn't drain my phone battery
1, Great app
1, Although not as advanced as some other email applications, I like the fact that it is Easy To Use. It has enough personal settings to meet general means. I personally like using the Yahoo! Mail app. It works pretty well for me.
0, It will take some getting use to, I must learn my how to do things.
0, yahoo help desk is a joke
1, This app makes access to e-mails SOOOOOOOOOOOO easy. I love it. I have it on my phone and on my Kindle.
1, Easy to use with no issues so far.
1, Ordered this APP for my Kindle. This APP does what all the reviews says. This is a must have APP for any Kindle. Very pleased with it.
1, So easy to see my Emails now. Thanks
1, This is a great app. I use it several times a day. My one complaint is about yahoo mail in general, not the app. The view of multiple emails under one subject or thread is awful and confusing. You have to look too hard for text and data.
0, It freezes way too much. I deleted it on my Kindle. It works on my smart phone but Kindle, it's garbage.
1, This app is very easy to use an I like the setup. I think that there should be more like it.
0, Can't find a way to sign out and the app automatically keeps you signed in for two weeks.
0, I use Yahoo mail on my phone, Kindle Fire, Windows 7 and Windows 8. Many of the features that used to be available, such as going to the next message, handy icons, message forwarding (intact) and others do not work on windows 7 or work poorly in other formats. I have emailed Yahoo support for help, but have not received any response.
1, Great app
1, Love yahoo! Never had an issue, and they continue to improve their security and recovery systems!
1, My Kindle Fire had an issue with my email so I had to look into another way. I started using yahoo on the internet, but it had TONS of things that I could not do...I was introduced to the Yahoo app by Amazon and I cannot believe how much easier it is to perform actions! I cannot say enough good for this app! I have other apps from Amazon that work well too, except for the notepad. There needs to be more explanation of how to use it! Thank you so much!
1, Easy to use and no issues
1, Love Yahoo mail
1, Have been a Yahoo mail user for many years. This app is amazing .
1, Works very well
1, Easy to navigate...
1, Very helpfull and responsive. Had my emxail up and going in "lickity-split" time.😃
0, I don't like it on my tablet like this try to delete it but it wont delete thank you
1, Love it its a part of my everyday life. Good job y'all did super! I use it on my tablet and phone and iPad thank you.
1, I use it on a Fire and an iPhone. Works fine and is a convenient alternative to browser interface to Yahoo mail. I have had no problems at all.
1, My yahoo account free app works like I hoped it would.
1, Makes it alot easier for me to manage my inbox during the day, instead of sitting infront of my desktop and dedicating too much time to it.
1, Easy to use
0, Been having problems with my email since I've updated it.
1, Good App
1, Nothing special
1, Have been with yahoo since day one
1, Love it. Yahoo is now useable on my Kindle Fire. Before this upgrade. Yahoo was so slow, I almost gave it up. But now it is fast, and I like the new swipe to delete feature.
1, Good app
1, I have been using Yahoo email for almost two decades and I will never consider another email source as my go-to email. This app that I downloaded works beautifully. The interface is smooth, getting to my messages very easy, everything is legible, no confusion. I also love that I'm able to connect to other email addresses and read them on here with ease. Couldn't ask for anything better.
0, I hate this. I can't get into the site I want without this popping up. It bounces me back to the Yahoo Mailbox that I already have and not to the site where I want to go. It's beyond annoying.
1, Using yahoo mail for years, still think it is best of all of others. Love it, can't live without it. AND, its security features are better than before.
1, Does what I need it for the way I expected it.
1, Always been a fan of yahoo mail. So glad I can open it anywhere!
1, This is a great app.
0, It's work ok
1, Yay!! I can finally get rid of all my spam at once instead of going page after page deleting only a couple hundred @a Time!! Now I don't mind checking my mail!!!
1, Does what I need it to do. Easy, even on a kindle!
1, Works well with kindle fire. The app the comes with the kindle is a pain.
1, App is great.Easy to use.
1, This app is awesome. Its sooooo much better than the e-mail app the comes with my kindle. All of my e-mails come in really quick. I LOVE this app. You need to get it :)
0, I can't download any photos with this new app!!!
1, great.
0, The new update is kind of annoying. There's an ad at the top of the messages list, and there's no sound to let you know when you have a new message. I don't really like this update.
1, Functional app. Love that you can personalize it adding your unique touch. With yahoo being my main email that I use for everything, this app is very efficient
1, I haven't used the app to much as of yet but in what I have its been easy to use. A little different looking from the app I have on my phone and I'm not too tech savvy but it did the job
0, Sure wish it let you trash unwanted emails....
0, Since yahoo mail put out an update for the app for android phones and my Samsung Galaxy S 3 the phone no longer automatically syncs or gives notification of new email. Customer support is very difficult to talk to and slow to respond. No phone support is available at all.. So disappointed.
0, I cannot open/view or save any attachment with this application. I have no problem dealing with attachment on any other device except kindle.
0, I miss the one before I updated it!!! If you love you're old one please do not I repeat do not update it!!
0, I cannot see this working wave my phone every time I log onto my email. is that correct?so far i have not been able to discuss this with yahoo. Does ymail still exist? my log in does not work mess mess mess
0, No way to turn off for privacy if you let other people use your device.
1, Works well on the Kindle Fire; eliminates snags that came up using Silk to access Yahoo Mail.
1, I like it's easy to read and it's easy to delete un-wanted mail.
0, Sometimes it works, sometimes it won't get my new mail and/or just keeps trying to get my new mail and so won't let me check the email I can see that I already have. I often have to use my brower on my phone and just check mail using the intranet on my phone rather than through this ap.
1, Works better than any app on my Kindle (even the Kindle app!)
1, Yahoo has been my best friend for years. It is so easy to use whether I check my email, use maps, quip questions, or simply search for various information. I find, in particular, that Yahoo maps and directions feature is easier and more informative than using any other program. A great yoohool for Yahoo!
0, works.
1, It's great to be able to get my emails on my tablet!
1, Only use when i travel
1, This was great.. It worked much better than my original server. And it's colorful.
0, Ok
1, Yahoo is a solid app but it does have it's flaws like changing things up or crashing a few times, other than these minor inconveniences, is a must for all those Yahoo fans out there
0, I was disappointed with it. I expected better.
1, I've used Hotmail, Gmail and Yahoo and now the only one I use is Yahoo email. It's the best I've ever seen. It's easy and intuitive. It looks good too.
0, It stucks while loading inbox. Then redirects to login page with session expired error message. I wasn't able to see inbox even once..
1, I needed an app to check my email on my kindle. Naturally I searched for the Yahoo! App. When this one pulled up, I selected and downloaded. It's just like using the yahoo mail on the computer. It's great and easy to navigate.
1, that's where I look at my Emails
0, Maybe when I get use to it I might like it. Right now not much.
1, Works okay for me. Never had any problems sending or receiving mail at all. I'm happy with the performance so far.
1, This is a wonderful app for my Kindle Fire. It makes checking my emails so much faster and easier. I do wish I had thought about it earlier. I could definately recommend it to anyone with a Kindle Fire or other device that handles this sort of app.
1, This works well for me to check emails without tying up the lap top. I am glad I picked this one up.
1, Very goooooooood
1, Seems to be working fine. On my PC I use ABP so there are no ads shown, but on the tablet I have not tried an ad blocker yet.
1, Great for email
0, does not work, waste
0, this is one of the stupidest apps ive ever came across. it doesn't allow me 2 read past messaages. smh. idioots. if any body can help it would be much appreciated. thanx. signned a disturbed customer
1, I love managing incoming email from the notification tab, the app is fast and easy to use. But the only thing that bothers me, is that everytime I open the app, it asks if it could enable tracking my location for me. It gets tiresome tapping cancel every time. Just fix this little thing, and it'll be perfect!
0, Cannot log out. I need to remove the app to log off,
1, No review
0, Ok
1, I prefer Yahoo as my email account. I have had the same account for many years, and it works best for me.
1, Nice graphics and logos. Easy to use.
0, look the mail box is a little slow. it could be better then it is but it was free. and you always get what you pay for. so don't get mad about it
1, This app is easy to use and I receive and send mail in great time. Makes checking and keeping up with my messages easy. Every time I turn on my kindle I hear the chime if I have mail.
0, I already had the app on my phone, but when it updated, the whole app changed. I had to sign in which I never had to before. now it goes to inbox and does not give me options of other folders. YAHOO WTF.
1, Just downloaded for my kindle. I am really not liking my kindle. It is not as great as the IPAD.
1, could not do without my email
1, It works for me to get my email.
1, No problems, all satisfaction! (Will they sell me a tray of all Cyan?) I'll shop with them from now on.
1, love this suit!
1, ok
1, Love it.
1, great app highly recommend very easy to use or navigate a must have for very kindle owner to get their emails fast
1, Seems to work well, so far no trouble. Only used a few times so far, but like what i see thus far.
1, Perfect for my Kindle fire. Easy to use. Totally satisfied. I now use my Kindle over my laptop to check mail.
1, Works well most of the time . But sometimes I have a problem forwarding or copying and pasting messages to others
0, 100% neutral - I have no choice anyway...
1, Always loved Yahoo. Glad I have it from Amazon
1, I have no problems with the app. It does what is says it can. The best thing is its free so I am very appreciative.
1, Hate Yahoo's politics, but have used their email since their beginnings.
1, Always notifies when have new messages. Easy to use and reply...
1, Great I love the convenience.
0, I was hoping this app would help me navigate email easily as if I were on my laptop. This app doesn't make checking email on my Kindle Fire simple. Good thing the app was free.
1, bien
1, Consistently reliable with vry , very few glitches or interruptions in email services.
1, I like it for quick replies, but if I want to do any copy and pastes, organizing, or printing, I have to go over to the internet and log in to Yahoo. I use Yahoo both ways.
0, I thought this would be a nice shortcut to checking my mail on my Kindle. But after entering my usual, accepted-on-Yahoo-every-time password about five times only to have it rejected, I figured I'd just delete the app and forget it.
0, could not get my e-mail on my tablet
1, So pleased Kindle Fire and updated app work seamlessly.
0, It won't accept my password.
0, Yahoo mail is ok on the kindle, but even a D- on my laptop. I would recommend that if you're just getting started, don't start with Yahoo.
0, First it takes forever to load new messages and then it doesn't even load all of them so you have to repeat the process. It's painful.
1, Yahoo has been very dependable for getting all my e-mail and downloading maps. Yahoo also gives me enough space to keep all my messages and pictures. Thank you again to Yahoo.
1, this app saved me. I moved out to Oregon and spent time stuck in crappy Wyoming. app kept my email access available. a little generic but works fine
1, Have had a yahoo email address for several years now and some others too, but my yahoo email remains my number one "workhorse" and have no major complains. I find that most of my email buddies use Yahoo too. I hope that it continues to improve and that it earns enough to make it the top dollar earner - thank you for what you are trying to do. <ralphus30@yahoo.com
0, Works off and on
1, My samsung s3 works great with app. Hasn't locked up or caused any performance issues that I know of. Would recommend
1, I run several websites [...] [...] [...] [...] because I have Yahoo email addresses for each and the ability to access them from one all is awesome
1, It's great!
1, I maintain two (2) Yahoo Mail accounts to separate business from various retailers with whom I do occasional online purchases. 'Love them both!
1, Love my yahoo email
0, Received a notification from Yahoo that my online account was attacked from an IP address in Turkey. Whoever it was hijacked my account to spam everyone in my contact list. Yahoo has now placed a lock on my account which means I can no longer download message to my computer and I can only view my messages online. Please note: I don't even have a yahoo email address. I have an att.net email address that switched to yahoo mail years ago. Big, big mistake.
0, No longer supported by Yahoo - must log into Yahoo website to select mail in order to access mobile mail, which is a major pain...
1, I love Yahoo Mail it let's me connect with friends and family which I love doing that by the way!!! So if you are looking for a great app to chat with friends pick Yahoo Mail.
1, Muy buena
0, Just prefer the other better.
1, So easy and convenient to use! Who needs a home computer when you have a Kindle and this app? I love it.
1, A good app I use a few times a day.
1, love it
1, easy to use
0, When I tried to sign in it didn't accept my yahoo ID or password.I hate this app so much I give this app a 1 star
0, Less than 1 star
1, Works fine. I only use yahoo for junk mail and emails from companies that I think might sell my email address.
1, Love the way it appears and easy to use. All smiles. I have my mail linked to all of my devises
1, I used the mail software on the Kindle and had to many problems. So far Yahoo mail works best with my regular mail service and Ymail. It occasionally will get confused: when selecting messages on the left side (summary), no matter what you select it keeps displaying the same message. If you leave Ymail app and restart it, all is fine.
0, Comercials....on my email?
1, Very satisfied with yahoo. Used it for years
0, cant get it to work
1, Love this app. It's user friendly and easy to navigate.
1, Keeps me up to date on what happening
0, I thought using this would make it easier to send messages out to my mailing list, but not only would they still not send because yahoo was considering it spam it was also hoarding them in an "outbox" basically never to be sent or even worse to randomly be sent out after the auction sale is over...ridiculous the amount of spam that we get but I can't get out a simple auction date to my customers...
1, Now I have 2 email addresses which makes me happy.
0, It's better than what I had but has a few bugs
1, It's great!
1, Works better than the default app for mails. Have all the features that you have in the pc or laptop browser.
1, easy setup - great app
1, Works wonderfully, sending and receiving mail
1, Very happy with my mailbox.
1, Yahoo mail app works well so far.
0, App loads up fine. Works great, except I can't log out of it. Navigation is easy and the email appear just like on a PC. Main issue is not being able to log out.
1, I love e mail. It allows me to keep in touch with friends and family. A short note, medical updates, event updates. these are all important to me.
1, use it all the time on my kindle.easy to use and move around on.useful probably the most useed on the kindle.
1, This app was for my wife's Kindle Fire HD. This makes it easy for her to check her emails quickly.
1, Very convenient app to have on phone or tablet. Works well on my Nitro and Colby tablet. Was glitchy at first but has improved significantly.
0, As is usual it has the normal issues we all expect from yahell.
0, Yahoo has ruined their mail system with ads and clutter on screen. If you want to pay you can get an ad free version but I will never do this. It is my mail I should not have to pay them because the decided to squeeze their clients. I heard Verizon took over the mail part of Yahoo and want you to buy your mail.
0, Since the June upgrade I am NOT able to see many of my email bodies on my Amazon Fire! I can see address and subject but not the actual email body itself in MANY of my emails, (only a view images link which doesn't help at all on these emails)not all of them but MOST of them! What is up with that and are others having the same problem?
1, the Yahoo app worked great on my kindle fire. the only thing I did not like was the notification sound, it scared me the first time i heard it. ( to look at more that ten messages, make it go into landscape mode.)
1, its email...whatsever don't ask.me again you tires. tired of the reminders and stuff. go snake yourselves in the blab blab blah
0, Can't sign into my account after first opening new account
1, Only bad thing is I cannot log out. Otherwise, it's great.
0, Increasingly unreliable.
0, I use the YM app a lot and often have my patience tested when an email I'm reading bounces (for lack of a more descriptive term) off the damn page. Sometimes even before I OPEN an email the entire Yahoo site will simply bounce into oblivion to be replaced by another site I'd visited before. However, it all happens infrequently enough that I haven't decided it's not worth using (it's a better alternative than Kindle Fire's onboard mail app).
1, Yahoo Mail is consistently competitive. The only negative is that I can't seem to find a way to go back to the inbox after deleting an email when using the app. It simply opens the next email and I find that annoying.
1, I Have given every different email program a try, over the last several years, but for me, Yahoo is my first and now exclusive choice. However, it has not always been worthy of my exclusivity; 5 years ago, I couldn't unsubscribe fast enough! There have been many improvements over the years, thankfully, and in my opinion, a few small but important fixes would put Yahoo Mail miles above the rest! <MORE ON THOSE CHANGES NEEDED SOON>
0, Best to swipe between emails and not select left hand list as it gets out of sync. Rest works pretty well.
0, Not at all impressed with the latest version. Should of allowed for keeping older versions. Going the wrong way with latest updates.
0, Need imformationhow to use this on my Kindle. Can" t figure out how to answer E mail?? This is very noisey.
0, Really tough
1, Great
1, Works great on all my devices
0, Written by cretinous boobs
0, Yahoo stopped recognizing my mobile devices. Finally loaded this app to access my email without having to go to the Yahoo page. Hate the format. No satisfaction from Yahoo to resolve the issue with my mobile devices. Had to correspond with "Mr. Customer Service" who had a difficult time with English reading comprehension. Ended up opening a Gmail account and ditching Yahoo. Don't know why I haven't done this years ago. Thank you Yahoo for your non-existent customer service, without which, I would have perhaps not have discovered email without continual glitches, and pop-up ads advertising "hotties looking for me", and "testosterone treatments". If you're looking for an email app, then first find a legitimate email provider and look for their app. If you're still struggling with Yahoo junk, then go ahead with this app, it won't much matter what you use. Oh, and one star because ZERO stars wasn't an option.
1, Easy to use
1, Well, I took this on because my Kindle email app won't work anymore for Yahoo Mail. Just a few days old right now and I like it.
1, Great!
1, Very helpful it great
0, Much preferred the Mail I had previously. Wish I could get it back!
1, It's really great for email. I've never had a glitch....which is unheard of....just fish the calendar worked with it.
1, I was so happy when this app was available for kindle. It is one of my most frequently used apps. I find it simple to use. No problems to report
0, I need this app to get onto my email so it definitely gets a five-star review
1, I love Yahoo Mail. It is the only mail that I use for my computer and tablets because of it's ease of use and dependability. I would recommend this to others.
0, I can never get it or work right. I will try to open an email and it will open the email three spaces below the one I touched and it also keeps flashing. That dives me crazy. If it doesn't start working right I will just have to delete it.
1, Brilliant way to have all of your emails and folders at your fingertips without needing to carry a computer. This app has all of the functionality you expect from your Yahoo Mail account and it is much more functional than the email app that comes with my Kindle.
1, I love yahoo mail. the site has neat stuff!
1, Very handy to quickly access my emails. Lacking ability to sign out of accounts.
1, Works with my android & best with desk top.
1, I love this app it's so easy to use and up to date
1, I like Yahoo a lot. The news stories, recipes, and checking my emails. How do I find out which version I have?
1, I enjoy being able to easily open the mail server on the go. I have an older kindle and the newest 8.9 in addition to the pc, nice having the same provider to view my emails. I have tried other providers but have enjoyed yahoo the most.
1, This application provides an easy way to access my email. I have just begun using it on my Kindle and am pleased with the ease with which it works.
1, It's awesome because you can always check you're e-mails online or offline but you also can get the free App on any of you're devices you can see who e-mailed you you can send a email you can do anything with your free App with this
1, I like this app however it is not easy to get to my contact list. Or create a new file to store things in. I want to see a fully functional yahoo email app that is simpler to use and figure out than the current one is.
0, Don't like it as much as the old plain E-mail
1, Convenient colorful and I use it often on the go. Screen presents larger than my mobile phone. I am always open to try new apps and I have been with Yahoo a long time. It helps that I can sync all easily. Molly Cogawall
0, Isn't as good as the app that comes with the Amazon Kindle Fire HD. The size of the font and check boxes are too small in the Yahoo app.
1, This app does everything the online version does. Love the easy accessibility and program. I enjoy it better than the online version.
0, I HATE conversation view. Plus I find Yahoo hard to navigate through and I am NOT computer illiterate. seems to me it could be more User friendly....and quit with all the updates / improvements. they always suck!
0, I've used yahoo's free email for a number of years. Over the past 6 months, there's been numerous times my email won't load or yahoo isn't available. In addition, the screen is more and more cluttered with ads. Not cool!
1, Everything is accessible
1, I have been using yahoo for years and like it. One issue I have is I can't delete addresses out of my phone contacts
0, How do I get yahoo messenger on my kindle?
0, You can't change your password. So unless you have a regular computer, which I don't at this time, and then Yahoo gets hacked, you're screwed. Again, I say thanks for giving me only the mobile app version.
0, Disappointed and Deleted from Phone due to fact that IPhone Defauls to it's own Mail App which defaulted to your main email!!
0, Does not work on kindle fire os will not allow you to sign in...
1, I really like this app on my kindle and phone
0, This is one of the worst apps I've used on my kindle fire. Doesn't even provide the basic function of syncing contacts. That's a must for kf users!
1, I love the yahoo app on my tablet.
1, Work's good
1, Makes email easy on the Kindle Fire.
1, I love that I can just tap the icon and it takes me straight to my inbox without having to log in over and over again. The layout is simple and not filled filled with adds!
1, This really is a great app for the KF, but only if you have few contacts and very not that much incoming email. I've been trying to get a decent app for email on my KF for the past year. I have a corporate email account at my office, and don't want to import any settings to Yahoo. I probably get not more than 10 email a day that aren't spam. (Last Friday I hit an all-time high of 492 spam email even with filters, but I've had the email address since 1995 so I guess it's to be expected.) Anyway, I installed Yahoo! Mail app onto my KF, and it was a breeze until I tried to add contacts. I have a contact list with Yahoo online, but I couldn't get it to import it. And, I cannot find a tab or folder or anything else in the app for adding contacts. (I don't even understand how it found my 9 really important contacts, but it did. However, when two contacts have the same first letter, nothing happens.) So, I've spent over an hour just trying to get a dozen contacts added, and to no avail. Otherwise, it's a great app for the KF. It might even be better on a phone, but I don't email from my phone. I have a keypad disability, and my phone does know the difference when I say "Bob" or "Susquehanna." So, why 4 stars? Because it acts like all other email programs, and other than the contact list, it's extremely fast and "smooth." Not a glitch yet. I sent an email from my Kindle to a friend in New Jersey - pardon me for being impressed with today's technology, but I remember dialup very well! - and I received a reply all within 4 minutes. And I had added a relatively large photo. Oh, and the app will search on the Kindle for my "photo album" (aka "Galley" under apps), and it will either attach a large photo or insert a small one. In a way, it smoother than Eudora Pro, my all time favorite email program that Adobe stopped supporting in 2006. If anybody knows how to add a contact list (and I can't import from my PC because the email program is 18 years old and Yahoo doesn't "recognize" it), I'd appreciate knowing. (P.S. I don't understand the review that said that the app couldn't handle or was it "display" enough email. How could an app on a 3" phone or a 7" Kindle [etc] display more than 10 if that? From what I've seen, app or online, Yahoo can handle any amount of email.)
1, I love yahoo and the journey I have had with them.
1, Great app and works like the app on my computer
0, This is okay but I would not use it. It isn't' like yahoo on line so deleted it. On to next app....
1, I've used Yahoo for years on my PC and now on my Kindle Fire, works great, different look, but easy to use.
1, Easy app to use, makes connecting with my email super easy. Enjoy having the app ready and at my fingertips.
1, This is a great. I downloaded it to send notes from my Kindle to Yahoo mail so I can forward them to my work address! Works perfect!
1, Easier to maneuver through and keeps things organized.
1, Allows me to check my e-mail when I am out and away from my laptop. I like that.
1, Great program. It works!
0, Why does all web based email providers feel the need to change the site every few months? I don't care for this revision at all. Don't like that all the responses are compacted into one email. Plus, if you click on your folders there is no way back to the inbox!
1, Like
1, Gives me my email, but does not inform me of any new emails since they were last viewed.
1, Yahoo Mail for Kindle Fire is absolutely great! It makes it so much easier to check mail on the go!
1, Nice App.
1, So much faster and now with having all email accounts available on Yahoo, it's really convenient too. I love using it on my kindle.
1, Been with Yahoo for years always been reliable
1, I love Yahoo because its fast and just nice to have its cool so I think you people should get it.
0, Too small to read. Too hard to delete. Too hard to manage unwanted emails. I like what I initially had on my Kindle.
0, Don't know what's wrong with yahoo, but it went from bad to worse since Verizon bought it. Still can't get one yahoo email on any mobile device. This one was no different.
1, Yahoo is great...
1, love it
0, Can't open documents min this app....
1, Satisfied
1, I use this app on my Kindle Fire to do a quick check of my email. It makes it sooo much easier. The App provides a brief how-to, but really I found it very intuitive - navigation is generally the same as when accessing via computer and the differences make so much sense that you don't notice them. However, with the App, everything is formatted to fit a Kindle Fire, which makes everything so much easier. I highly recommend.
1, Good
0, Yahoo.com. Is very hard to get in. I. get very. Mad at times
1, I love Yahoo Mail!
1, I couldn't reply to e-mail, but the update fixed that problem. It just takes a long time to type on the kindle.
1, Great on my iPhone but lost it on my kindle fire and can't seem to be able to sync them.
1, Works for me!
0, this used to be a great app: quick and easy. I installed the update and tried to get my mail. All it does is spin. spin. spin.
1, Great App....
1, the Old Faithful standby if you need to come through and not be tamper with Yahoo
1, Easy to use.
1, I really enjoy the yahoo mail in the mornings!
0, It will not open. no response from YAHOO. They can yell all they wish. They still stink. might as well email the wall.
1, I have my account for a lot of years never have a problem or complaints very happy.
0, Latest version is much better. Precious version had poor user interface but there is still plenty of room for improvement.
1, Yahoo has made some changes to their mail that I feel is not as user friendly as it used to be. Having previous messages listed when replying is not a favorite of mine especially when there are quite a few. Otherwise, I like Yahoo mail.
1, just fabulous!
1, It is a good app and serves its purpose to check yahoo mail
1, I was happy to find this app at last. Before I installed it days would go by before I broke out my laptop to check my e-mail. Now I hear the chime notification noise and I check my mail right away. It was easy to install and fast to open. Glad to have it. The only problem I had was submitting the review.
0, I don't cloud my email :) so I removed it. Keep your email on your ISP and away from major clouds like Yahoo, MSN, google because they will get hacked its just a matter of when!
1, Great app. Easy to use
1, Very handy, much easier to use that the Google App.
1, Yahoo mail. Can't live without it. This app is necessary to view Yahoo mail on my Samsung phone. I tried just going through my web browser as I can do on my Apple phone and my PC, but that produces strangely mixed results. I am sure we are dabbling in the dark arts here. This app works pretty well.
0, I have only been able to view a few of the e-mails I have in my inbox. Why is that?
1, I'm very happy with this product. Especially being able to use disposable e-mails! It keeps spam out of my regular e-mail that i use for my friends and family.
1, This is great app, u don't think I can function without It. I would have given 7 star, if there is something like 7 stsrs. Good job to those who discovered this app.
1, Does everything I need it to do. Easy to use. Fill all the requirements that I need in internet mail.
1, Great app works great I love it and I love yahoo !!!
1, I use this app a lot and find it easy to navigate. Wish could actually access my contacts and forward messages.
1, There nothing like yahoo . It's part of my life. It's so complet and perfect. It really a PO Box
1, Ive been using this for years. Thank goodness it works on my kindle. Don't need my desktop anymore. I can log in anywhere in the house now.
0, this app worked great till the last update now it wont load any emails :( so its of no use to me then when u try to send for help through support u get no answer :(
1, This new way of deleting emails is so easy and so sweet to use. Thank you!
0, I have two accounts, can't even get into one without a fight. All I get is the manage accounts screen and have to trap the corner multiple times to get to one of my accounts and then it won't even let me read my inbox. There was a Great app for mail, it had a blue box with an envelope not now it's gone with this last Yahoo mail update. THIS SUCKS. I want to be able to read my mail from my phone without a hassle.
1, works like it should, so it is just fine.
1, Good
1, Great app! I love how I'm able to check my accounts by just sliding my finger over to view emails on my Kindle Fire.
1, ...I still don't trust it to always send all the emails I've composed, which is kind of basic as far as an email app goes, but I just make sure I go online and do it that way when it's an important matter. Sometimes the screen just freezes. Over all, the experience is occasionally frustrating. I prefer not to use my Kindle Fire for email in general, but often have no choice. I remain hopeful that the developers will continue to work on things. Until then, Kindle remains great for games and reading but is not good for things like word processing or email. Edited for updates to the app - Well, it seems Yahoo has made an effort to improve the app - all negatives listed above have been addressed, and I now feel as if it's a fully-functioning, dependable app now. I have gotten out of the habit of using it due to the previous problems, but on the rare occasions when I have no other option, I have used it with no problems. Upgrading to four and a half stars.
0, Was best for my Yahoo based email until it has started to lock up a lot in the last few weeks.
1, Much faster than my laptop since yahoo mail no longer supports internet explorer.
1, Great app, easy to use! Just what I expected
0, Email contents are not easily viewed
0, This is an ok app. I have had a hard time getting my address to transfer, then when i finally got them to transfer, I have doubles of some and none of the others. But for what I need it for, it works fine.
1, Love this app. It makes things simple and easy. Its a must have in todays time.
1, Have been using yahoo mail for years. Very easy to use.
1, Seems to be a much better app than old version. Works great so far.Thanks for all your hard work and dedication.
1, The newest version of yahoo makes it easier for my band director to keep in touch with me without me having to check my email daily
0, I've been on Yahoo! email for maybe a decade. I don't want to switch but they are wearing me down with the forced videos. When I clear out my SPAM folder (which they do very well -contain the SPAM), a video begins. I don't want a video. They offer choices on what kind of video. But I don't want any video. I just want to go about my business, video-less. Right now the x -to close the video- is so far to the right that it's under the ads on the right. I can close the current ad to find the x to close the video, but then each time Yahoo offers to remove the ads if I choose Yahoo as my Search Engine. I don't want Yahoo as my Search Engine so I have to close out that box, too, to get on with my business. I really think gmail would be more geared to the customer but I still am reluctant to switch. I like my Yahoo user name & Google says it's not available for their gmail, sigh.
1, I'm mostly satisfied with this app, except it tends to lose middle of the feed emails, jumping from 2 hours old to 10 hours old.
1, Have used yahoo as my mail for years. I like the app but some functionality that use to be on the browser version, wish they were still available. A week now I am gettin text instead of work e-mail
1, I REALLY LIKE THE FUNCTION OF YAHOO MAIL I WISH I HAD MORE CONTROL AS TO THE NUMBER OF MAIL MESSAGES I CAN DELETE AT THE SAME TIME ETC. !!!!!
1, Works better than Kindle fire email app, better display
1, Easy to use. Very happy! Would recommend this product to everyone.
1, good app
1, Found it great for my granddaughter to learn,read and email me.I have one for myself.I read and use e mail all the time great
1, I like yahoo mail.
0, If I'm in an e-mail and a new one comes in, it kicks me out of what I'm reading and sends me to the new one. Takes forever to buffer. If I open too many emails and leave them in my in-box, it will take them away, only to be found if you know what to search for. Oddly, this doesn't happen on my phone, just kindle. Which leads me to my next issue; if I delete something on my kindle Yahoo email, shouldn't it also go away on my phone Yahoo mail app?
1, I use yahoo mail as my primary email account so this was a must-have for me. It works great, loads quickly and is easy to navigate. It's a bit slower than my laptop but I have cable internet on that versus 4G for this. No complaints though, even has messenger too.
1, I love this app. I have it installed on both my kindle and my tablet. Wouldn't use anything else. Thank Yahoo for easy app's.
0, Did what it was supposed to do. I used it to get my Frontier mail for a while because the mail client on the Kindle quit working. Eventually got it figured out and went back to the client because of the extra steps to use this app. It wasn't all that much more, but the mail client (to me) is a cleaner and easier access.
1, I love Yahoo mail app because it is efficient and I receive my mail quickly without the hassle of waiting.
0, I liked the old one better. when you have 2 different accounts (emails) and you try to switch between the2 it wont let you.
1, I really like this app because it is just like yahoo on the computer great job I should of downloaded this sooner
0, Does what it says, the way it says.
1, Perfect
1, Love it
1, Outstanding product
1, like it
1, Mail
1, yahoo mail is always great
1, Great
1, Its working just fine
1, I have used yahoo for many years and have never had problems with it. Unlike other web sites, Yahoo is reliable and very useful. I especially like the group facility for sharing info with my other group members.
1, This applies makes getting and handling mail easy. I really prefer this app to using a browser. This is one of my favorite apps!
0, I don't know what happened but this app on my Kindle Fire HD does not sync up with my yahoo email. It is very difficult to log in and once logged in doesn't stay logged in. I have sent numerous emails to yahoo with no results. It does not load my email at all so it is useless.
0, You can move mail from the in box to any folder but you can NOT access the contents of folders from this version of yahoo mail.
1, I like it have used it for awhile now
1, Yahoo Mail works fine on my Kindle Fire HD. Thanks Amazon!
1, Much better that the mail app that comes on Kindle and its almost like using the desktop to check my email. Great app when your primary email is with Yahoo.
1, Every mail app is different, it's OKAY and I like yahoo but not quite me
1, I love this app as I can keep track of all my mail while on the run.
1, easy-quick-always know whats waiting, whats needs to be seen first! would be lost with out it
1, great app
1, its Yahoo mail, plain and simple. really nice when I don't have to get on my computer and use the keyboard.
1, Awesome stuff and customer service!
1, After experiencing many hiccups with the stock app on my first gen. Kindle Fire, this solved the problem nicely. The black-on-white text surprised me, but it's all in getting used to it, I guess. You still have to use the stock one to add contacts in bulk, I think. Or at least that's how I did it, something I had procrastinated on until now. At least Amazon support admitted there was a problem.
1, I love classic yahoo not the new yahoo
1, No complaints.
0, I can see my mail on my Kindle. The program seams to work like I needed. 4 more words were unnecessary.
0, Every time I try to sign in, it tells me "session has expired", even though I wasn't signed in before. In the off chance it does let me sign in, my inbox and other boxes won't load. Extremely annoying.
0, It's a good app to have,but as the previous app said-you can't log out. So I got an app that you can lock all the apps you have that need to be locked.
1, easy to use and very fast on the kindle fire. convenient for checking for new emails and writing quick replies. only shows 10 most recent in your inbox though
1, always have everything that you want to be like when u forget your password then it sends automatically to your email account with no problems.
0, Fir the past 3 weeks, yahoo mail has been off big time. Im not able to go to my next mail aftervdeleting or by just clucking to the next one. The page does not completely open. Smh.
0, With my Kindle fire I can't get my Yahoo email any more. I got this hoping it would fix it.Am planning on getting another tablet that works and other than kindle. Kindle is becoming to have problems.
1, Great app interface with non-invasive ads. Functionality is nice with some small quirks. The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain.
0, Selecting a new message doesn't always open the message. Often, a completely different message is selected and it takes several tries back and forth to get a message to display. Also, messages are often sent several times for every one time actually pressing the send button. I like the full screen view option to display messages but that doesn't make up for the awkwardness and complaints from recipients when they get messages many times.
1, Access to new emails and folders is fast and flawless. Inbox subjects headers are easily browsed for an overview and opened quickly. A very usable email client.
0, Tried the new email and it did not work. Too many ads slowing it down on the side panel. Went back to basic yahool mail which is limited. Would not recommend the new Yahoo email. H Hill
1, Good source for current events.
0, cannot open emails. cannot retrieve attachments. very poor service overall, but would not expect any thing else for basically free service.
1, Don't get lot of spam mail, also very large storage capacity. Wonderful filtering in place, sufficient. Yahoo doesn't't close your account quickly.
0, I've been using yahoo mail on my Kindle for a couple years without problems. I just purchased the 10&#34; Kindle and once again downloaded yahoo. I hate it! My contacts won't download so I have to go running for my old kindle or a laptop to send mail. The icons to save mail and Mark unread until I have time to deal with a new mail disappear at random times. This is a nightmare.
1, I love the new Yahoo mail app! I have had no issues using this app on my Kindle Fire hd. Mail loads easily and I get an alert when new emails come in. I have found Yahoo app to be much more user friendly than other mail app.
1, I loaded this app on my LG Lucid and my Kindle Fire. Mainly due to the frustration of the generic mail app not fully functional for Yahoo. Could not delete email on the generic app and it was really frustrating so I loaded Yahoo. Works great on both of my devices!
0, Don't need or want ads in my email
1, Like getting my email on my fire tablet.
1, I always love yahoo and they constantly work on improving an already great app. It works for me. I like the ability to change themes and color scheme. I have two yahoo emails - one for personal and the other for business.
1, I had and still have issues with accessing my Yahoo account using the mail app on my S3. The rep at the Verizon store couldn't resolve it either and suggested I download the Yahoo mail app. It's as function as the web desktop version, no issues.
0, Two reasons that I am not completely satisfied with Yahoo! (1) Having to use my Yahoo password so often....this is a recent problem (2) Too much trouble to sign in due to system being upper case sensitive.
1, love the look and icons but my favorite is deleting emails - love sliding them away!
1, I been using Yahoo for ever since I knew how to use a computer and I’m so happy that I will never change it
1, Good.
1, great to have
0, I don't care for it, it doesn't stay updated and doesn't always stay in sink with deleted or saved messages.
1, great app for keeping up with mail on the fly. use it for all my personal communication here and now
1, Much cleaner to use, less fuss
1, Intuitive.
1, I pretty much just use my email when receiving notifications from sites. So far, I like the performance of the product.
0, I'm on a 1st gen Fire. I'm doing basic email functions. The Y-mail app on my iPhone is better than this.
1, More efficient.
1, Fabulous!
0, Frequently, Yahoo has trouble loading emails -- sometimes it doesn't do it at all. Formatting on "reply" emails can be weird. The service is just contrary. Moving to Gmail in hopes of better performance.
0, It won't let you forward an email to a friend or someone else. For checking your email it is a fast and easy way to do. You don't need WI-FI either.
1, this is a great source of shopping and i use it daily for work and play. love it to death
1, App is easy to use.
1, I feel that yahoo mail is the bomb, it's better then gmail or hotmail, I like the outstanding graphics, the wallpaper backgrounds are just great, it delivers a outstanding service, I think it is the best e-mail service around.
1, Very good!
1, Really enjoying it's usefulness, though I wish it showed up on my lock screen (Kindle Fire HD) as a small e-mail icon.
1, Works great! I need access to my mail through my kindle fire and the new set up allowed me to keep in contact with our realtor for a condo we were buying. Time was important and I could be in touch with her at all times.
1, i used to enjoy yahoo! mail for android but i dont like the new update. i dont like seeing adverts at the bottom of my phone screen. i feel like i have spyware. how do i revert it?
1, Yahoo has been over past 25 years one of best one on one sites to use for beginners it has always been user friendly
1, Like being able to view my mail at any time, work, break time. Easy to add to kindle to view.
0, Korean characters are not displayed right. Korean Characters Broken when I wanted to read my e-mails. Could you correct all those display?
1, I have been using Yahoo mail for years. Reliable, good spam protection, easy to use. When I moved, I still had my contacts even though I use Outlook for professional mail
1, I like it.
1, Easy to navigate and the font is clear and readable. This is a wonderful app for daily E-Mail users. :)
1, It does what it is supposed to do. Reliable app and is easy to use.
1, Easy to use on all my devices. Updates regularly. I would recommend for anyone that wants an easy way to get email.
1, the app occasionally wont let me open and read my emails. but for the most part its a pretty good app.
0, I have used this app for years and it has been fine but the last update broke the app. I can't stay signed in. It keeps saying session expired before it even downloads my current emails. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times with no luck. So with no fix in sight I will have to delete. It's just taking up space.
1, I use my yahoo email everyday, so to have it on my Kindle was a must. Love the fact that every time I use my Kindle, my emails are there and it never crashes or freezes on me(knock on wood) lol Great app, no complaints!
0, Pros... the new colorful backgrounds, and the speed of the app, and how quickly the mail shows up Cons... still no log out option, only 10 emails at a time shown, still have to delete the same emails from other devices. It's on its way, but it still feels like Gmail. Come on Yahoo, you've been around a long time, you can do MUCH better.
1, Functions just as well on my Kindle as it does on my laptop. It's great being able to check email on such a lightweight and portable device. Thank you!
1, Easy app to download...now I can get my e-mail when I am away from computer
1, I no longer have to lug my laptop along! And I don't have to read the small print on my smart phone. Using Yahoo Mail on my kindle helps me keep in touch when I'm away from home.
1, I love this app. I touch a button and im there. I dont even use my desktop anymore. I check it all on my kindle fire hd all fom the comfort of my couch. So happy!
1, YAHOO MAIL IN ANY FORMAT HAS NEVER IMPRESSED ME BUT I AM FAMILIER WITH IT'S USUAL GLITCHES AND KNOW HOW TO NAVIGATE AROUND THEM. TEMPTED TO SWITCH TO G-MAIL BECAUSE I HEAR THERE ARE LESS PROBLEMS.
1, I like the messenger part of yahoo. as for making it my home page , I stick with google, only because I am used to ti
0, Yeah it seems ok up to now although I haven't used it much just lately... But I just love Amazon!!!
0, Lost password locked me out for 24 hours, tried calling in twice, the wait times were over 30 minutes. Gave up. Often get errors when loading the in box.
1, Yahoo Mail is how I view my red box receipts. I am highly satisfied with Yahoo mail.
1, Easy to learn and simple to understand. This last line is only to fulfill the 20-word minimum for this post, which is longer that my actual comments for Yahoo Mail....and is my only complaint.
1, bright and easy like it very much
1, It works well most of the time. I wish it would have access to your full contacts including groups so you could send group emails without entering each name individually.
1, Hooray email
0, stuffed full of pop ups, advertisements, slow working games etc I am leaving
1, Works well, notifies you when new emails arrive.
1, It has simplified viewing my mail on kindle tremendously. I had all kinds of problems with my mail on kindle, especially when the time changes. (It doesn't here in Arizona.) Much easier now.
1, This app for my Kindle is just like my pc and very easy to use, It stays up to date (with wireless connection) and I like the ability to check my email on the go.
1, So far so good
1, it works
0, Ok,
1, I prefer Yahoo as my email account. I have had the same account for many years, and it works best for me.
1, Nice graphics and logos. Easy to use.
0, look the mail box is a little slow. it could be better then it is but it was free. and you always get what you pay for. so don't get mad about it
1, This app is easy to use and I receive and send mail in great time. Makes checking and keeping up with my messages easy. Every time I turn on my kindle I hear the chime if I have mail.
0, I already had the app on my phone, but when it updated, the whole app changed. I had to sign in which I never had to before. now it goes to inbox and does not give me options of other folders. YAHOO WTF.
1, Just downloaded for my kindle. I am really not liking my kindle. It is not as great as the IPAD.
1, could not do without my email
1, It works for me to get my email.
1, I love Yahoo email!
0, Never is able to load emails. I always get the message error retrieving messages. Try again later. Waste of time!
1, This app makes it easy to get my mail and headlines for the day. I think it would be great with a couple tweaks but I'm not complaining it's very good.
1, Yahoo is very reliable and easy to use and secure.
1, Remember the Yahoo commercials in the '90s? I like this app.
1, My first email
1, I love it!
0, I HAVE WRITTEN TO YAHOO MORE THAN SEVERAL TIMES CONCERNING MY NOT BEING SATISFIED WITH YAHOO SERVICE, HOWEVER NEVER HEARD FROM ANYONE.
0, It glitches every now and then and you have to uninstall it and reinstall it to get to work again. There is no way to log out so if your device ever gets stolen, thieves will have access to your email. Overall it does work, but I wouldn't recommend it. Update June17th 2016 They managed to take a sub par app and make it far worse!! Now nothing appears when you open email. No pics or text. No idea if you can uninstall the update or not. Now I can't read my email unless I use the computer
1, I lovvvveeeeee it
0, I have personally had the Yahoo app for my kindle fire since I got it. Generally the updates improve the app a fair bit. Since my last update I haven't been able to open any of my emails. I can create messages but when I click on the email the page just reloads whether its the first, middle or last message. I'm not sure if its a technical error on my end or some kind of glitch but its made this app almost useless.
1, Great time saver - so user friendly👍
1, Yahoo gives me what I need and more new features. Love it!!!! I have been with Yahoo for more than 10 years and it had been wonderful.
1, Great app which I have on my phone and on my tablet. Sync yo all my other apps. Excellent!
1, Nice to have immediate access on my iPhone to my Yahoo mail.
0, This app can be seriously aggravating. Problems with mail being hacked. Crashes. Reverts to home page OUTSIDE of email. Better on PC than mobile devices.
1, It has my email and I can read it. I can delete mail and move it between folders. What more do you want?
1, Excellent.
0, The constant "upgrades" are irritating and usually do not make positive additions.
1, Standard email client for Kindle Fire. Works well, no problems as long as you are connected to the Internet. Remember, Kindle Fire is wireless only.
0, It was okay. Too many emails though
1, Yes I would recommmend to ANYONE.. yahoo's E Mail service is Good !! BUT nothing beats good ole mail from the United states Postal Service.. Its Always great getting that card, letter , package in the MAIL.. yahoo is #2.....
1, I've been using Yahoo ever since I've had an email address and I like being able to check it where ever I am on all my devices
0, Like others have stated, there is no way to log out of your inbox. Makes no sense.......
0, A feature I looked forward to on the new Kindle Fire with Amazon Prime, too, that my children gave me for this past Christmas (2012). BUT, since, even WITH Amazon Prime, I was told by Amazon customer service that I am only allowed one FREE download book and ONE PER MONTH on the book from the LENDING LIBRARY per MONTH. I read Moby Dick in one sitting. Wish I could have read it. Sad that Amazon sold me and my children a bill of goods. So when I wanted to return the Kindle Fire, I found out that I would be charge a fee of 30 (thirty) PERCENT of the value of my Kindle Fire and forget about returning the leather cover. Not a chance of returning that leather cover.
1, It's really nice to have a APP for everyone to contact you on and everything !!!
1, ok
0, It was an ok app
0, Could be better
1, I've been using Yahoo! Mail for years, but now it's even easier on my tablet. It just alerts me, and there is my most recent mail. Very convenient, especially for free.
1, I use this everyday, so download it you will love it
1, Easy to retrieve and give short replies just what I need it to do. Just don't expect a full fledged email supported program
1, Been trying to get my Yahoo mail on my klndle while in Aruba. Was a real pain until I got this app. So easy, even for more than one user.
1, This is a very usable app, but be forewarned as others have mentioned you cannot log out.
0, You can't log off yahoo mail. If someone picks up the kindle they can read all my emails. I looked on like and didn't find any way to log off either. Other people are having the same problem
1, Loved the story and was so glad to see it's out on DVD. Walter Matthau plays a wealthy playboy who finds out his money is gone. He looks for a rich woman with no friends or family and then begins to plot her murder. Elaine May is FANTASTIC as the inept Henrietta. Absolutely loved this movie the first time I saw it. Like it even better with each viewing!
1, This is my second email address but is now my main one. It is easier to navigate. I would recommend it.
1, one way to do it
1, So far so good
0, No comments
1, It's great!
0, Doesn't remind me of the older scheme, so it felt weird navigating or reading on it for me, so I just open up my browser, instead.
0, I am disappointed with the way this app appears to look. But it is convenient to get to, so I will endure it's idiosyncracies. Thank you
1, Great app
1, Love this app. It's user friendly and easy to navigate.
1, Keeps me up to date on what happening
0, I thought using this would make it easier to send messages out to my mailing list, but not only would they still not send because yahoo was considering it spam it was also hoarding them in an "outbox" basically never to be sent or even worse to randomly be sent out after the auction sale is over...ridiculous the amount of spam that we get but I can't get out a simple auction date to my customers...
1, Now I have 2 email addresses which makes me happy.
0, It's better than what I had but has a few bugs
1, It's great!
1, Works better than the default app for mails. Have all the features that you have in the pc or laptop browser.
1, easy setup - great app
1, it works well and does its job. I have no complaints . if you use Yahoo as your EMAIL, it what you want.
0, it won't open, and I've unistalled it twice, and then reloaded it!!! I'm not sure why you'd putout a product that doesn't work...
1, Fantastic app for an already amazing email service, been with Yahoo for more than 20 years. Will never switch and highly recommend to anyone with an account. If you don't have Yahoo!... switch!
0, Beeped everyone I got an email and included advertising.
0, you have to wait until all there adds pop up
1, I like Yahoo mail very much. Lots of storage and mail comes quickly. When deleting email, you can set it up to go back to your inbox or the next email in your inbox.
1, An unavoidable user friendly application Nice job done
0, Takes forever to load. Always has error messages and if I want to wait or close the application. Wish I had a different email app to use.
1, Awesome
0, Sreen blips, blank screen pauses, etc. I would rather use my browser to access Yahoo and view my emails. The layout is not suited well for a small screen.
1, This allow me to access my e-mail anywhere there is WI availablity. I do my banking online but haven't figured out if that is doable with my Kindle. fI
0, TOO MUCH SPAM.
1, Gives me a lot of good information.
0, Had to remove it, it kept crashing.
1, Yea yea
0, App does not display images if included in body of mail. Takes an extra tap to display them App does not display complete yahoo address book
1, It's a hundred percent better
0, Since they began upgrading this app, it has gotten slower than slow. When I open an item, the app now goes into sync mode, giving me a view of the item then blanking and refreshing. It is very irritating especially when I just working thru the list and know almost immediately that I want to delete. And deleting goes thru the same bizarre sync. I installed this app because Yahoo hosts my mail server (ATT) but I can't take it any more. When you consider how bloated this app is, it was easy to decide to remove when storage became an issue.
1, One of the first things I do in the morning is get my cup of coffee, turn on my Kindle, and check my email. You just click on it and there it is! It's very easy to read, delete, compose, and move emails. Adding new folders is simple as well. In fact, I think I like this better than signing on with my pc and waiting for everything to load. This app has no delays and is so easy to use. I love it!
1, Works well
1, Easy to use and is easy to navigate through
1, I paid for the advertisement free version and I love it along with the different backgrounds. If you have the free version you get what you pay for and advertisements are paying your bill so Don't complain.
1, Great app that makes retrieving mail conveniently. A must have for quickly locating and checking mail. I would definitely recommend this.
1, I don' have to rely on other websites to get to my mail. It keeps me up on all the latest email.
0, Been with Yahoo Mail since the start. Also use/used several other email systems for work over the years. Current Yahoo Mail is satisfactory for my personal needs, and has definitely expanded in options.
1, I love the layout for the Kindle. It is very user friendly and functions well. I use this as my main email.
0, The app is usable, but normally will not allow some messages to open on demand. This happens more often than not when the message is touched to open. You can get around it sometimes by swiping. It is a bit annoying.
1, Great price .. no Flaws ... Can't go wrong with Amazon .....
1, This app is way better than the mail app that comes with the Kindle Fire HD and had a lot more features.
1, Fast and easy
0, Yahoo Mail. I got this for a friend who needed to use my 1st generation Kindle Fire for email. Originally, the 1st generation Kindle Fire supported a number of email providers. Now, it only supports a few, so an app was needed. It saves her from having to go to the Web to check her mail, which can be annoying if you're waiting for a specific email. My original email settings still work, so I don't need an app - yet.
0, App worked great on my kindle fire BEFORE the upgrade now I cannot even use it, it doesn't load, forcloses when it does just horrible. please fix
0, Yahoo mail and my Samsung android do not work well.
1, I am happy that I can read then move on as slow or as fast as I want. I just like it.
0, On my Amazon fire, it shows the emails are there but when you try to open them you just get a blank screen. It will not display the contents of the email. If you log out and go back in, sometimes the first email you try to open will display but then any after that will be blank screens. Very frustrating, does not work. I believe this to be more of an issue between yahoo and the Fire tablet as I can open the emails on my phone without any issues.
1, It works just like you would expect it to. I've found this app to work flawlessly! it even works better than the app on my phone.
1, I love it. I am not super computer savy but this app is very easy to navigate. I recommend it to anyone.
1, It's works goods.no problem so far. Would recommend trying it..
0, Using this for several months now but there is always some problem. First no pictures would display. That resolved. Now it won't update with new mail for the last week....and Times me out almost immediately after signing in!!!! I have removed restarted and reinstalled 3x today alone. There is a constant notification that I can't sign in. I am so frustrated......
0, Could be made easier and more simpler.
1, My favorite Mail, have used for sixteen or more years
1, I like the new yahoo mail. Glad I upgraded.
1, I like using Yahoo it has served me well.
1, Love it !
1, This game is as close to being at a real Casino than I have ever had imagined! Great fun!
1, But I have really been looking towards this one for along time,I'm happy I have got it so I can enjoy having another one..
1, Works really well but takes a bit of getting used to the format.
1, This app does everything I need it to, and does it well. Though, to be fair I never need it for anything aside from checking my e-mail. I also like how it tells me when I have new mail in an unobtrusive manner that is rather easy to ignore, should you wish to.
1, Had forever will always
1, works good
1, Just hate when sometimes I can't delete a lot of messages at one time
0, I like everything about this app except that every time I open it it asks me to allow location identification. I would rather it not know my location. Wish I could turn off the question rather than having to say no every time.
0, I do not care for how it is set up. Delete option is hard to use. Please work on this.
0, I just love having access to my yahoo account. This is another feature that my Kindle Fire HD 6 offers me that is great!
0, Ads take too much real estate on a small phone screen. A step in the wrong direction. Do not update.
1, They have been very longsuffering with me.
1, Works
1, wonderful uncomplicated I wish all the apps I came acroos were this good and straight toward you don't need a Phd to figure out how to retrieve and send you mail
1, Good app. Easy to use, like the swipe to delete feature.
0, Using a key is stupid when you need a password for other apps.
1, Nice when I'm not near my computer.
1, Use every day
1, No problems
1, I would highly recommend yahoo mail. I have used it for years and I will continue to use it. I've never had a problem with it.
0, I like having the ease of my email on hand without having to sign in at Yahoo and then sign into the mail box. The only thing that worries me about this app is there is not a sign out option.
1, Finally I can get my email on my ipad
1, I don't like change, but love the new Yahoo.
1, Ok
0, All sorts of problems, still can't sign in from phone.
1, Does a good job a getting my mail.
0, wont let me sign in to it. cant ue it. I have tried may time. I need to call the network and have them see now and I dont seem to or want to take the time.
1, works great. got my kindle for christmas and this app makes it extremely easy to check emails and stay in touch
1, GO TO EMAIL
1, Extremely important to me and efficient
1, This app is perfect for checking your email on the go. I use this app multiple times during the day with my smartphone and kindle fire with no problems
0, And this latest version of Y mail does not work well at all. It does not have ease of use. I get blank messages which means missed messages. I cannot click a mssg to move or delete it without it opening, a terrible design, especially for Spam. Y mail was not broken; so, why did you 'fix' it? Please bring back the option to use the last version. Thanks
1, Easy to navigate and get used to using their interface.
0, Crashed!
1, This WORKS! It is so much better than using the Yahoo web version of e-mail. I recommend this app without hesitation.
1, Great, my email was half working until discovered I needed yahoo app instead of just email app. Thanks a lot!
1, Great to get my ATT.net mail
0, I have used YAHOO mail for years. However, someone got my contact list and sent spam out to everyone. I changed my password more than once in a month and the same thing kept happening. I still have Yahoo mail but I only use it for stuff that is not priority mail. I changed to another mail service for my friends and family communications.
1, it's easy to use.
1, Yahoo Mail is good! The old Yahoo mail is much better and easlier to use. The new Yahoo mail is not as good as old mail.
1, Works just fine on Kindle but not Yahoo Messenger!
1, Yes this is great to have and I use it ofen. I recommend this to every one who has the kindle
1, I received item within a week. Very happy about that. Shipped next day after ordering. Item was brand new still in wrapper
1, everything was just what I wanted, excellent quality
1, Like very much.
0, I'm not sure I like this having installed it a few days ago in late August of 2016. It may be screwing up my Kindle a little; I'll know more after having it for awhile longer.
1, Much easier to access!
1, I wasn't sure if I would like Yahoo Mail but it turns out to be very stable and easy to use. I would recommend it for the KIndle Fire.
1, I can read my emails and catch up on entertainment news quickly while I'm on the go at ease .
1, Easy to use.
1, It is fibe
1, It honestly just helps make my life simpler.. It's very convenient an easy to use anyone could use it. You'll love it
0, Way too much spam gets through recently. Would change, but too much trouble eliminating it completely from my life. ~
1, nice to be able to one click to answer my mother!
1, Yahoo mail app has been super convenient on my kindle. I still prefer to use my computer or phone to access majority of the time, but it's nice to know it's an option for another access point
1, When I needed to set up my Kindle Fire the Amazon assistant help me through it and help me reset it you are very very patient with me setting up my Kindle Fire and my music.
1, Thanks🙌😀😎 this Application is so useful.
0, Ok so I tried to update this and it as been "installing" for the past 6 hours on my kindle fire. This sucks! It wont load. And I really need to check my e-mail.
1, It works very well for me. I use Yahoo mail on the Pc and this works as good. great app
1, Keep up the good work!
0, whoever created this app obviously didn't test it on the k fire. you cant delete more than one email at a time in your inbox, cannot move an email to a new folder, cannot refresh inbox without going back to main menu and when you follow a link in an email it closes the app and you have to go back into it. just mediocre.
1, I don't feel there is anything more Amazon can do to improve my experience. Ok, maybe add books I need to get on my e-reader that may not be available right now. Thanks for asking. :-)
1, I hope Yahoo makes a come back. In my opinion, for the normal home user, I prefer it over google mail.
0, It solved problems I had with safari . make most things work on the kindle.
0, I hate the way it automatically opens the first email! Can not find a way to change this setting after last update. Other than that works well.
1, For months, I have been unable to open attachments sent to Yahoo mailbox on my phone. With the update, that works. The updated interface is less streamlined than before, but functionality is greatly improved. Bravo!
1, I'm happy with the app. One review mentioned not being able to log out which is an important concern. But I'm pleased.
1, Thanks
1, It works
1, I like Yahoo, it's fine..but I didn't need it so I got rid of it. I'd use it again if I have the need.
1, It's a great app, but it didn't get 5 stars because it's not as pretty and doesn't seem to have all of the same functions as it does on my laptop or desktop. Functional and still worth recommending.
0, Disliked the app.
0, Amazon Fire,Android Garbage OS.This whole system is a RIP-OFF.The Yahoo App blinks your email on and off,its impossible to read .Don't waste your money on Amazon tablets.
0, It doesn't automatically pick up your contacts in your Yahoo account & I don't know how or where to add them or new ones. If someone knows how, I'd appreciate instructions without calling Amazon again.
1, ok
0, No option to log out. My friend checked her email and I kept getting alerts until I uninstalled it. VERY annoying! It would be better if you could log out and sign in different accounts - and STOP with the notifications every ten minutes.
1, very convenient
1, This App turned out to be better and more engaging than I thought it would be. Try it you might like it.
1, perfect! does not stall and gives alerts when you get new mail! love this app! you can access it from any wi-fi network!
0, I just need to access my subaccount (which happens to be my primary business email address) while on the go. Seems so simple right? It is, on the webpage version of yahoo. However, I own and Android Smart Phone, a Kindle Fire and an Amazon.com Nook Tablet. None of these allows me to check my Yahoo email sub-account. The apps have just left that option behind. At this point, I have spent hours trying to recover an older version of Yahoo (which does allow me to access the subaccount from the older Yahoo webpage version) but it keeps changing and taking away the only option that works. In this day and age, you would think this would be a no brainer. However, the No-Brainers that keep making sub-email account imposible on the go are really losing my loyalty, and with a quickness.
1, Very convenient and easy to use. So far works well.
0, I used this on my kindle fire no problem. However, on the HD it will not send mail. I am seriously rethinking if I want to keep the Hd or not.
1, I love this APP because it is super quick. I do not have to log in, I just press the button and there are all my emails! Viola!
1, Glad I get to check my email on my kindle!!! This is a great app--and I would highly recommend it if you check your yahoo account frequently!
1, Never had any trouble with yahoo before...now have comcast and yahoo....like both very much and will continue to use both
0, Awkward. Slow.
0, What has happened to yahoo on my kindle the last two days? I cannot get into emails at all, it keeps telling me to sign in, but refuses to "do it! " I took the app out, re - did it, still not able to access Yahoo email!
1, I use this one,for my sewing groups,very interesting
0, Don't even think about reading a long email! It continuously reloads to the top of the email and by the time you scroll back down to where you were it does it again!
1, Been using Yahoo! for years and I love this app!
1, I have rarely had any issue with Yahoo, love the way you can set up your own page with your likes and dislikes. They have increased the size of what you can send over the years and it has been great, the new set up took me awhile to get used to when I needed to access my other folders I set up but it cleans up the look. I would recommend it over any of the other emails I have tried, the one thing I would like to see different is the ability to change backgrounds on email with things like cloud stationary be easier to use.
1, Makes life easier
1, Very informative, fast response time.
1, I don't need a fancy app to manage my email. This is perfect! Easy to use. Updates in the background of my Kindle Fire. No fancy stuff here...who needs fancy with email. Right?
0, This app works just fine if all you want to do is check mail. However, it does NOT include the calendar tab that is on my laptop version of Yahoo. I realize that Yahoo promotes its own search engine, and Android is run by their rival, Google. I just think it is really petty for both businesses that monopolize the mobile market to not work together on a Yahoo calendar app that can run on android. Yahoo won't allow Google calendar, and Google won't allow Yahoo calendar so neither will sync with eachother. I think there is enough calendar business to go around that these companies should not feel threatened by eachother. You should not be forced to use only a calendar app by a specific company. This stupidity is why so many people go to Apple!
1, It is easy to go to emails without a pc or laptop...love using this app...gotta get in your lives....
1, Yahoomailisgreat
1, This app is really easy to use. And it always informs me of new emails immediately which is convenient and useful.
1, Convenient, just click n check.
1, Works great for me.
1, I love this new Yahoo mail...It is so much easier to use and see my mail now that it makes everything bigger.....
1, Great app. Would give 5 stars if I could preview attachments without downloading them. Other than that, I love it!
1, Pretty nice way to get my Yahoo email. I'm happy with it. Much nicer then trying to read on my phone. Colors are nice. Just nice overall.
1, LUV LUV LUV it
1, Good stuff
0, Horrible!
0, Generally good on Kindle Fire, but navigation is sometimes slow, clunky or utterly unresponsive. My cell uses the Google Play version with much better success.
1, ok
1, Yahoo mail is good, but they keep changing it!
0, This app is terrible. I will delete messages that never really delete on a desktop. When looking at my messages and scrolling down it glitches and keeps sending you back to the top of the message even though your finger never moves. It won't load new messages on an enlarged screen and instead either shows you the email above or below it. I am tired of this dumb app! Don't waste your time.
1, Like it
1, I really like it because I can do anything on my Kindle e-mail with Yahoo Mail that I can do on my laptop.
1, This is my favorite way to get to my emails, and this is easy to download and use immediately. Very user friendly.
1, I have been using Yahoo email for years and its nice to have it in more than one location for easier access.
0, I have worked with Yahoo for years, but that time has ended. It has become obvious that the administrative folks don't give squat about privacy nor do they care about controlling unwanted junk mail. I don't know about anyone else but my junk mail (spam) has quintupled over the last year. I've had enough and have moved my mail to a different provider and the spam has stopped. PERIOD. I tried to address my concerns with Yahoo, but it fell on deaf ears. When a spammer sends mail from one of their alias's you can not block it...it doesn't work. Yahoo mail sucks!!!
0, i hav to delete it thn reload it juz to sign out of my acount if my sister wanted to check her mail
0, Bad app.The latest update puts "sponsored" messages (spam) in your inbox. I want my email system to help me get rid of spam, not add more!
1, Love this makes my mail quickly available.
1, I have an Android Samsung Galaxy S3 phone, and using this app to access my personal and business email accounts is so easy! It's very fast and easy to set up and use. Great options for personalization!
0, Since the 12/2012 update, my yahoo mail app is unusable. It doesn't load half the time and when it does it freezes as soon as I do anything on it. If I try to delete emails, it says they're gone then crashes and my inbox is full again. This update is crap! Please fix it!
0, I really like the calender, it's where i put all of my dates and events but this app doesn't have it for some reason. Now i have to look everywhere and download it for my kindle.
1, Have only used it (on Kindle Fire) a couple of times, and no problems either with downloading app or with the app itself. It opens my Yahoo emails and lets me reply - That's all I need from it.
1, As expected.
0, Really nice, intuitive layout for a touch screen. Scrolling through messages and sliding swipe to access menu-inbox,sent,folders is great. Drag down to sync and access New messages in the in-box also intuitive. Great app, however, this supported has to be restarted on Kindle Fire. "Do you want to wait or close Yahoo app click OK" comes up on my screen every single day I have used it. You can't access any other folders went it's frozen like this. Also, when swiping down to load New messages I have waited up to 5 minutes while being asked "wait or close?" Closing and reopening doesn't necessarily fix this and the waiting game can be tedious - up to several minutes. This is why this very nice app is receiving 2 stars. Will edit this review if developers fix these glitches. And yes I have tried the app elsewhere the wait or close and folder freeze out doesn't appear on Acer B10 tablet but checking for new mail can take forever. (And no it's not my Wi-Fi) Please fix this really nice app.
0, I gave it 3 stars only because I do not care for the page system. On both my computer and my android phone my Yahoo mail is one continuous list. On my Kindle there are only a few emails per page. As you go down your list of mail you need to load next page, next page, and so on. I prefer one continuous list as opposed to page after page after page.
1, The four-star rating is given to this app because it is very reliable. As it is not perfect, the app does its job very well and with not much hassle. The text is readable and the interface is easy to use, though it does change often with updates. It is a simple app and is worth having if you need to check your e-mails in a hurry.
1, Mail app is O, works well. However it is irritating that lots of mail apps want to take over all the accounts.
1, I'm so glad I can access my email with ease. It really makes good usage for when I'm on the go.
0, It's not so different, except for appearance.
1, I am so happy that there is a app to check my email it is such a hassle to have to log into it from my internet explorer.
0, Way to much junk mail! Its very aggravating with all the junk mail. My gmail doesn't get nearly have as much junk mail.
1, Love this app, very convenient.
1, no problems. Better than Google where my account was hacked twice in one week
1, Works great on the Kindle and lets me check email rapidly with the touch of a screen, like it a lot.
1, Yahoo is now being used not just at home but anywhere I go and not having to take my laptop with me.
1, I've been using this app for over a year and it still works well. I have it on my phone and Kindle.
1, its been a very good email to give out for me for the past 12 years. cost nothing and very easy to clean.
1, people are saying toy cant see more than a pages worth of apps . Not true. You don't even need to go into landscape mode its great
1, When I think about email programs from years ago I can't believe how far and user friendly they have become! In my opinion Yahoo leads the pack!
0, This got pushed without warning and is loaded with bugs. Contacts don't import, for starters...and the best part? You can fill out a feedback form, but the "send" button doesn't work. Terrible.
1, Simply amazing. l love the clarity and simplicity and amenity. Consider that every one should access it to view and forward mails.
1, 5 stars great and handy to use. Recommend for all to use.
1, Very easy to use and it looks great. Love when I get a new message and it dings to let me know. Also love how I can empty trash and spam with one click. Love this app!
1, Downloads and uploads are quick and easy.It helps me stay posted with friends and family, I believe I will keep it a awhile longer
1, works great if you cant see all your emails flip your kindle upright or sideways what ever works for you.
0, Crashes often, can only view 10 emails at a time and can not view images or open up attachments. Also very heavy on the email notifications. I have an HTC thunderbolt.
1, Will always love
1, love it
1, I really like yahoo. Is easy to get to. I'm able to go into it right away and delete anything real quick.
1, I can't find a way to change my name with Yahoo. This would be great to be able to do.
1, I like this
1, Been using this app for about 38 years and never had any problems. Its the official app for yahoo mail, works good. Links open as they should and its easy to use.
0, Was not compatible with my kindle
0, I finally downloaded this app for my kindle fire after getting sick of being bombarded by mail.yahoo.com to switch from the mobile website to the app. After a lengthy download, I can't even get the app to open, it just immediately force closes. I'll stick to the mobile website, thanks, and would reccommend that nobody else waste their time on this app.
1, always reliable.great to have when traveling.
1, Good messages and clear. No problem.
0, I have had yahoo for years, but they continue asking for pass words. Just frustrated.
1, It's getting better, much better. I feel it is easier and more friendly to use.
1, Works great for me! Sure it's not the real desktop version, but it's still good ole Yahoo. La la la.
1, I really like the icons next to messages. They give you a quick overview of who's written to you.
1, This app runs slow and it makes the touch interface "tickey." Not my favorite version, but after 15 or more years with the same email it would have to be pretty bad before I'd switch.
1, Great program for multiple mail accounts on a tablet or phone-love it!
1, They have revised this to make it easy to use. Don't have any problems with it.
1, Signing up for this service was very simple and convenient. Thanks
1, Helpful having all email available together, especially when traveling. Easily tailored to personal preferences.
1, An excellent email app. Much better than our local provider in San Diego.
1, Just downloaded this app today, and it works perfectly! There is no need to view horizontally to scroll - it works in either position and I was able to quickly access and move between all folders and disposable addresses. Great product for Yahoo and sbcglobal.net mail accounts.
1, Dude... its Yahoo! Need I say more. But thank you Amazon's for the App, now if you can work on the IM App it would be complete.
0, Frustrating when keeps flipping between enlarged view, then switches on it's own back to small view. Also if I get an emailwhile viewing an email, it will kick me out of my email. Glad to be able to view my email on the kindle.
0, Unable to send emails , web page very jumpy
1, I love my Yahoo. Had it for many years and never had a problem with it. It's very easy to use and organize, I would definitely recommend it to everyone.
0, Goes to Yahoo web page, not enail!
1, It is a much better improvement but doesn't seem to completely sync my mailboxes. I deleted several emails and they still show up on either my phone or kindle no matter how many times I refresh
1, works well
0, Can't find your way around it impossible to sign out. All in all a frustrating experience compared to laptop or desktop use.
1, works well. still some bugs every now and then but recent updates have made it a lot better. looking forward to new updates.
1, A little hard to respond to emails but great for keeping caught up email and a lot easier to read than with the phone apps. I use this one quite frequently and overall am rather pleased with it.
1, Have trouble with writing emails. Even though I have cleared my inbox Yahoo still seems to keep them in.
1, THE PERPETUAL BUGS ARE BEING WORKED OUT AND LIFE IS GETTING MUCH EASIER WITH YAHOO MAIL HAVING ONCE AGAIN WON ITS WAY BACK INTO MY GOOD GRACES. IT IS PERFORMING AS IT SHOULD!
0, Just useless, really needs an update, well, more of an overhaul.
1, email on the go at my finger tips
1, I was having trouble getting my older Kindle Fire set up with my yahoo e mail address. This ap (which was free), did the job perfectly and quickly.
1, I get around my email with ease. I like how it syncs quickly with my other devices (desktop). The only problem I have it there are two infinate outgoing emails...???? They are not on my desktop, just my kindle. weird.
1, Use all the time ,as good as I need
1, I have been using Yahoo Mail over 10 years and I s till love if
1, Yahoo has been my email for years and I love the app and how it sync's to the pc also when I go from one to the other.
1, I added this and use it consistently as my mail service. Works perfectly, although the navigation is a bit different from PC version, and I wish it would revert more simply to Inbox.... I prefer the display - makes me feel at home wherever I am!
1, I would give a 5 star rating on any shopping I have done. Yahoo has come through for me in all transactions. Since I do a lot of shopping on Amazon, I rely on yahoo to get the information I need. SSSSSOOOOOOO way to go Yahoo!
0, not a very user friendly interface on the kindle. can't scroll and i keep deleting things i don't mean to delete but it's handy to have an extra access poitn to my email from my phone and kindle and not just my laptop
0, i've been a user of yahoo for many years now. and some of the changes are good but the mail has been messed up many times. sometimes i can't even access my mail and its a big inconvience. i still stay with yahoo because i trust that they will improve.
1, I do not have anything to compare this knife with as it is the first ceramic knife I have owned. The manufacturer is well known that is why I chose it, the knife cuts quite well, I have no complaints . I am most likely to buy another one when the need comes up.
1, Great
0, Both my kindle and phone struggle with yahoo since it upgraded. Emails come up flashing and take a few seconds to center before I'm able to scroll. Annoying. But I am a long time yahoo mail recipient and will try to get along with it.
0, I've had Yahoo! Mail for about a decade. I have the premium service that costs $19.99 annually. I used to be a big fan, in part because if I have a problem, a live person gets involved and helps me solve it. But now that live person is in another country and apparently has incentives to get my issue of his or her plate as quickly as possible using standard responses that many times don't apply. This results in many back and forth exchanges with me growing increasingly frustrated as various people respond, one after another, until finally someone either closes the ticket without my agreement or actually solves the problem. There are also ongoing problems with the Calendar. I have missed several appointments which I know I put on the calendar, but they later disappeared. I'm guessing this is because they had to restore the calendar from an older version before I put the entry in. It happens quite frequently that I can't get into the calendar at all. Sometimes I get an error message, other times a blank screen. If it wasn't such a hassle, I would have switched to google mail a long time ago.
1, I use Yahoo mail everyday. Often more than once a day. It's quick and easy. What more do you want from an email system? You can use it to search your mail, save your mail in different folders for easy access and later retrieval, and you can use spam filters to keep unwanted mail at bay.
1, Works great for your cards ect. Don't even have to use a purse if don't want too.
1, Great
1, I have been using yahoo mail and yahoo messenger for over twenty years. I have never had problems with either one. So this is why I rated it a Five. Excellent application and messenger to have.
1, No comment
0, not what i expected,want it like it is on computers with messenger
1, I've used it for years - not great, but familiar.
1, works great
1, Love the email program except for opening the attachments. There is no option to clip and paste or edit the attachments. I liked the previous version of attachments better.
1, I am enjoying this because before I had to go through all the annoyance of getting into yahoo, then my password etc., When now all I have to do is get on my Amazon Fire and tap and I am there. Yes.
0, Been with them over 10yrs..however, they don't always come thru in what they say they do. When my account was broken into, I tried to recover emails via troubleshooting and contact. I loss something very dear n important. I now printout important emails. Kinda defeats the purpose.
0, I install it when I can't access my email any other way, but I can't turn off the little bell that announces each new email, and there are a few other quirks that can't be changed.
0, I have been using Yahoo Mail on my PC for approximately 15 years. I like it because I am familiar with it. I use Microsoft Outlook at work. Comparatively, Microsoft has a better layout & I like the color of the page better. Yahoo's background page is a pink colored design & is a little distracting with the pop-up advertisements. The tool bar is a little frustrating in that you have to hover over the icons to know what the functions are. Overall, I am happy with it for home use & also that it is free.
0, Won't switch to Landscape. No Spam filter. Use Silk instead. And Yahoo, stop asking me to download your app. It's a turkey. :)
0, Cant Download It,,As Kindle Can't Support Google Play App's,,Useless,,!!
0, I loved this app and had no complaints until it started not loading my inbox and kicking me out to the login page after loading one page (which was wrong). My account works perfectly fine on my laptop, and uninstalling and reinstalling the app has not fixed the error either. Help!!
1, another fantastic purchase from amazon love the site and the offers i find great availability and always great apps for your tablet and smartphone
1, Works as intended, no issues so far
1, Like it
1, I love this app, it has been a great way to keep up with my mail.
1, Not bad I like it
1, Mail! Mail! Mail. Yahoo is free. What's not to love about that?
1, Works as well as on my laptop
1, Quick and easy to access your mail
1, Love it
1, great app...
1, yahoo
1, love yahoo mail app
1, Have no issues it works fine on my kindle fire hd with no problems whatsoever. Kudos to the yahoo app team.
0, I used to love Yahoo Mail. Recently Yahoo has gotten greedy with the type (and quantity) of advertisements they run while you're just trying to check your mail. These "new and improved" advertisements do nothing more than making the page load AS SLOW AS POSSIBLE while your fire wall tries to make sure all these advertisements are safe. Poor choice Yahoo.
0, I downloaded this when I got a message to upgrade. I like the email on my tablet because I can see ALL of my emails together at once. No need to switch between accounts. I did not like that I could not delete with a swipe (saw later I could add this). Hated it and deleted it no more than 5 minutes after I got it.
1, My Yahoo app works well on my Kindle Fire HD. I check my mail regularly and rarely experience any issues.
1, It works what can I say
0, It's mail...for Kindle..not much to say.
1, Great app for Yahoo email!
0, yahoo sucks
1, I really like the way the yahoo website is laid out. I love the way the mail is viewed!!!ya baby
1, Yahoo is the best. Czn reach my email from any computer or !ocation.
1, Use it all the time..
0, Too intrusive. Wants to know everything on my phone, even things it has no business knowing. I won't use it.
1, Glad to have it on my kindle
0, There is no indication showing whether I have new mail. I would like to see a number that tells me I have new mail without having to open the app each time.
1, everything
0, Much better than what came with my Kindle Fire HD, but all of Yahoo's recent changes have been a disaster for a bunch of folks as what the reviews and comments have been....this shows up in there software app
1, Email responsive and easy to navigate
1, I'm happy with the app. One review mentioned not being able to log out which is an important concern. But I'm pleased.
1, It works
1, I like Yahoo, it's fine..but I didn't need it so I got rid of it. I'd use it again if I have the need.
1, It's a great app, but it didn't get 5 stars because it's not as pretty and doesn't seem to have all of the same functions as it does on my laptop or desktop. Functional and still worth recommending.
0, Disliked the app.
0, Amazon Fire,Android Garbage OS.This whole system is a RIP-OFF.The Yahoo App blinks your email on and off,its impossible to read .Don't waste your money on Amazon tablets.
0, It doesn't automatically pick up your contacts in your Yahoo account & I don't know how or where to add them or new ones. If someone knows how, I'd appreciate instructions without calling Amazon again.
0, I don't really use it because my Kindle Fire provides its own email reader that check all my accounts, but it does work.
1, Great very helpful
0, I want my old email back. I cannot send pictures to my yahoo account on this new format. I want my old one back because there are other bugs as well.
0, I just didn't like the version it doesn't have what I needed.
1, The overall web page is very good. I have yet to search in detail all the options, but the ones that I have are very good. The program appears easier to navigate.
1, Ease of applicationVery nice application. I like the background. And very easy to download the application on my kindle thanks!
1, Great
1, been with Yahoo for over ten years.have not had any trouble.there is a lot of spam but easy to controll
1, Perfect!
1, I like this program. It is easy to use and quick. Only thing I don't like is it keeps changing the format without notice.
1, It does everything you need to do using your email.
1, Great info
0, Meh.
0, Don't like the advertisement on top
1, I love this app!
0, It is new to me, but I don't like it as much as what I had. I have to get used to it.
0, It's okey
0, ok
0, Barely usable. Dissatisfied!
0, Could not find a way to delete emails in bulk. Had to delete them one at a time.
1, It is nice to have my email on so many different venues, very convenient!
0, I had to delete and re-install. It took forever when trying to do a search.
1, This is my regular service on the internet, so I like having the access.
0, unable to open
1, Great
1, this was nice, I was able to look at my email without this app, but once I downloaded this, I was able to import my contacts and folders so it was well worth the free download
1, Works Great!
1, LOVE this app on my Kindle. Easy to use across my computer and cell. Crosses over easily to my cell and computer.
1, Perfect for a party. Looks nice in a pretty glass. Will not fit in small glasses. I like the globe in a glass pitcher of water. If you drop a frozen one it will break. I have the big silicon on for cubes.
1, Helpful
1, I'm trying to find my apps that I have on my Android, and seem to be hard to find with out wanting me to pay. But my e-mail is from Yahoo.. Thank you.
1, Nice!
1, LOVE YAHOO MAIL. HAVE TO HAVE ON SMARTPHONE & KINDLE. NO PROBLEMS. WORKS WELL--- MUCH EASIER TO GET IN THAN THRU YAHOO OR JUST EMAIL LINK
0, I have put off rating this hoping Yahoo would get their act together...I've been using this App daily for 2 solid months now, sometimes 2-3 different times a day. STILL while I'm writing an e-mail, whether "New" or a reply, 90% of the time the App freezes and shuts down. AND it doesn't save my note in "drafts" like going through Google to use Yahoo. I also have issues with hitting the "garbage can" for trash and spam auto delete. I delete trash daily, but not my spam. Imagine the aggravation @ having 800+ spam that I have to manually delete..VERY aggravating to say the least. There are several other issues, but those two top the list. And I will add I've used Yahoo through IE, Mozilla & Firefox on other computers without the above problems. R. Phillips 11year Yahoo user
1, Having my Sons live in AZ and CO...am very glad they can keep in touch and build Computers...I am trying to learn more about my Kindle Fire and am glad they taught me about Amazon....
1, You can get it all but some times it runs slow. I enjoy reading and getting my mail.
1, I enjoy this app it's easy
1, I'm just currently in the process of using this app but can already see that I Will enjoy all it has to offer. I'm quite sure you will enjoy this also so go ahead and install it.
1, This app for Kindle works and intended and were satisfied with it. Just be patient with the install depending on where you live, it may take a few moments.
1, So far I am very pleased with yahoo mail on my Kindle. It gives me another option for viewing my mail in a similar format.
1, Cell phone version is not that friendly but do use it everyday.
1, This is exactly what you expect from a yahoo email app. works fine, no errors or issues. if you have yahoo email use it.
0, I didn't like the app. It didn't register all of the mail that was sent. I had to go back to the yahoo website to find it. I'd rather go through the web to check my mail.
1, It's just a great mail service. I like it better than the others, easy to use, compose and forward things to friends or for business
1, I can do anything I want as if it were my laptop. I'm using my kindle fire and haven't had any issues. I can log in and out using the profile. Great job yahoo!
1, Works as expected
1, It's fast and easy to use. It's great for on the go use when you haven't a computer handy. I love it!
0, While writing emails on Kindle Fire, the text I am working on will unexpectedly revert to a prior state, leaving off anything I had written in between. This is very frustrating after laboriously tapping out text.
1, I use it daily
1, Much more happy with this mailer than my main one. I don't get spam. And I can have folders to be able to save stuff like recipes.
0, I used to love it. But, too many problems with IE and frozen email these days has changed my opinion.
1, Love it
1, I really like my Yahoo mail. It is easy to use and it is in sync with my phone. I recommend this app.
1, Yahoo mail is kind of a standard so it's easily accessible on any system. I don't love the way the emails are displayed on my Kindle, but it's okay.
0, Everything about this is awful. I have to "forward" anything with an attachment to work email. Both adding and opening attachments is slow or doesn't work at all. Everything about it is unwieldy and difficult. I'm cleaning out my Contacts list so I can make a change. I(I had to give my review 1 star to proceed)
0, I have been using the app for the kindle fire quite well until this latest update. Terrible for kindle fire users. I can't read any of my old emails that I have. I was able to get into a new email bit not the old ones. I also liked the window that just told me how many emails I had without going to them. Yeah I am sure others didn't but I can deal with it. You certainly need to fix this glitch. I need to see the old emails
0, Slow with glitches. I have had yahoo mail for a long time and most of the changes they have made I do not like
1, This Yahoo app works perfectly. It definitely does not deserve only a *** rating.I have been using the app since the Fire was first released and it has worked flawlessly.
0, This app was an amazing email app until I updated it. When I updated it, it slowed down and has to ferry your account almost every time you use the app. If you had the original, don't update it!
0, I do not care for yahoo mail because it has poor spam filter, when compared to other other email message centers.
1, This works very well for reading my emails. I am able to access yahoo mail right from my Kindle Fire.
1, So nice to go directly to my e-mail. It is fast and accurate. Very relaxing to just go to when I want.
1, I love checking my email on my kindle! It's clear and easy to use. Love love love my yahoo app.
1, Great app
1, Must be able to check mail
1, My preferred mail system!
1, The application works, and I have had no trouble with it so far. I have had no issues at all with this application.
1, Just the comfort of knowing that I don't have 2 stop whatever I'm doing on my Kindle just 2 have 2 hop online on a computer or phone just 2 get 2 an email. 1 word comes 2 mind 1st-SWEET!!! :-)
1, I use this daily
0, Before the most recent changes Yahoo mail was excellent. It is still ok but not as good as it was. It is really annoying when CEOs change a good product just to make their mark when it degrades the product.
1, Since I use Yahoo! Mail for both personal and job-related, it's a real nice plus to not have to sign out from one account to access the other. This makes it much easier.
0, Not happy with this version of Yahoo Mail. I'll have over 100 emails, but only 10 to 12 show up and from there on the screen goes blank.
1, Hubby likes !
1, Easy app to check your Yahoo email. Wish it had sorting capability. Lacks many of the features on the Yahoo mail PC version.
1, Love the ease of using this app
1, Good product
0, Was ok when first installed. Not working right now. Mail won't open. Ready to uninstall it if it doesn't straighten out pretty soon. Please fix. Thanks. God Bless and have a nice day. !!
0, When will Amazon make the latest update of this app available? This version is almost 4 years old.
0, it keeps telling me to authorize my account and password isn't right
1, Great ap for getting my email on my Kindle Fire. Learning just how versatile my Kindle Fire is. Yahoo mail works on my Kindle Fire just like I would get on my computer but my Fire is handier. Yahoo mail is the best ap I could have gotten. I get alerts when mail I have email so I don't have to keep opening the ap. While I'm on my Fire doing other things (ie reading, listening to music, watching videos) I get notified by Yahoo mail so I don't miss any of my emails.
1, Good app
0, Crashes too often but serves purpose.
1, I really like the design....cool.
1, I can read my emails its a very good email app.☺
0, Never logged out, can't access my contacts, sometimes it freezes on an email and won't move, other than that it's not terrible to use, just annoying at times
1, I wasn't expecting much from this because I just haven't been impressed with many of the email apps. This is almost identical to the full website version, which is great.
0, It's pretty good but can only delete one at a time before I could mark a whole bunch then delete now I can't! Several icons at top that have no explanation of what they are!
1, easy to use, only suggestion would be not to put the folders slot directly under the trash and spam folders, it could cause a problem if your not paying attention.
0, It is great to stay in touch when you aren't at home but I seldom get wifi connection anywhere but home. but worth it if you don't want to go anywhere with out having all your multi media with you.
1, I LOVE being able to easily access my email from my Kindle Fire HD tablet. I haven't encounered any issues thus far.
1, Works good. No problems so far.
1, Easy to get around, like it better than regular email
1, A very user friendly app. Working great so far.
0, I was hoping to get messenger with this but all I get is mail and I do not normally use yahoo mail
1, Didn't use - I assume it is ok
0, I've used Yahoo e-mail since about 1998, and have recommended it to dozens of people. I hate their new interface so much, though, that I've gotten far behind on correspondence. This Kindle version is enough better that I can at least stand to use it.
0, Makes you utilize other apps. Also, does a HORRIBLE job filtering SPAM! I went back to my original Mail from Windows.
0, Too much security steps to follow including sending a message into the phone. My wife got a new iphone and iPad. I was able to install to the iphone but not the iPad since the software did not " recognize " the new devise.
1, Works good, not as stream lined as I like but good
1, We downloaded this app on my husband's Kindle. He says it works ok.
1, Quite easy to use. Nice product.
1, This does what it should. Works flawlessly on my kindle and samsung illusion phone. I wish my work webmail was as functional.
1, Very quick to and easy way to check your e mail from an android device, must say I just think its one of the better apps I've downloaded
1, Love it
1, Great product!
1, When it works ... best there is.
1, A nice complement to the email client preinstalled on the Kindle Fire. If you want to keep your Yahoo account separate, by all means use this!!
1, The only thing I would change is to be able to have the ability to route incoming email to specific folders.
1, Iam 50+ grandmother and I love checking mail anywhere and reading current events and news from anywhere. would recommend to friends and family
1, I love that I can check my email from my kindle, how awesome! It works great too I have no bad reviews on this
0, Often if I delete the most recent email, it gets confused and starts displaying (or deleting!) the second email when I tap the first, etc. No longer matters. I changed my password a while back and I've never been able to get it to work again on my Kindle Fire since then. I have un/reinstalled many times. Cleared cache. Removed Yahoo account from KF completely. No dice. Fort'ly I pay for POP3 so I am able to use the stock mail app at least. Just the latest Epic Fail for Ymail. They've really shown a staggering level of incompetence the last few years. The web interface is hopeless, which is all the more annoying because it was pretty good three years ago. I've been using it for over 20 years and it's now associated with practically every online account I have. If that weren't true I'd have ditched it two years ago. Sad.
0, I am so sorry, but I could not get this to work for me. Maybe I was doing something wrong, but it is so disappointing when you want something and it does not work out.
0, Crashes too often but serves purpose.
1, I really like the design....cool.
1, I can read my emails its a very good email app.☺
0, Never logged out, can't access my contacts, sometimes it freezes on an email and won't move, other than that it's not terrible to use, just annoying at times
1, I wasn't expecting much from this because I just haven't been impressed with many of the email apps. This is almost identical to the full website version, which is great.
0, It's pretty good but can only delete one at a time before I could mark a whole bunch then delete now I can't! Several icons at top that have no explanation of what they are!
1, easy to use, only suggestion would be not to put the folders slot directly under the trash and spam folders, it could cause a problem if your not paying attention.
0, It is great to stay in touch when you aren't at home but I seldom get wifi connection anywhere but home. but worth it if you don't want to go anywhere with out having all your multi media with you.
1, GREAT APP. ALL YOU DO IS TOUCH THE SCREEN AND YOUR EMAIL APPEARS INSTANTLY. NO NEED TO LOG IN AND HURRY UP AND WAIT FOR THE PROGRAM TO LOAD. MY COMPUTER IS SLOWER THAN MY TABLET WHEN LOADING.
0, I do not like having to download this app. My phone now makes random tones when I get spam (which is often). I had to turn off my alerts all together to avoid the tone going off all night and waking me up. Now I miss getting the texts I want to receive. I am not happy about it. I may be changing my primary email address.
1, It worked well for me. Then I bought a new phone and manage my accounts through one mail service.
1, The best
0, I now have a message stating log-in failed which I can't get to go away. Have deleted and reloaded and message is still there.
1, What can I say, it's mail and organized.
0, Now Yahoo will not allow me to click on mail and it come up. It says try again but clicking again it will come up. Also the news will not show picture when scrolling at the bottom. Again you have to click to load it. I have tried everything offered by Yahoo to correct this problem. Yahoo is my default mail account. Do I have to use another e-mail address?
1, Use it for mail only and really like it compared to Google Mail.
1, I just started using this app. It seems pretty straight forward. I really don't like having to delete emails one at a time.
1, Very convenient
1, Works great
0, hate new setup. very difficult. I want the old Yahoo mail back. can't find where everything is and mail contacts are not listed.
0, Like it but wish you could logout
1, I like my kindle fire hd very much . I just wish I understood how to use it easier. I am sure I will learn with using it.
1, Outstanding app...quick way to get to read my email when I am in a hurry! Downloaded it fast within seconds!
0, Yahoo mail used to be really good. Not anymore.
1, I like the way its set up. How you can hit one message then hit button in lower left to delete all
1, every time I get on it is very good except every now and then I can't email at times for no reason so I rate this 4 stars
1, This app works well with my Kindle Fire and I like having the easy access to my Yahoo Mail
0, I can no longer get it on my iPad and asking yahoo for help is like talking to a brick wall.
1, Great
1, Cool
1, Works great for me.
1, Yahoo mail app works just as well on my kindle fire hd 8 as it does on my cell phone. It works great and is easy to use. I used to use my laptop for most things in my Yahoo mail acct because of larger screen and use the app on my cell for quick checks of my email. The app works so well on my kindle that I use it more than the other two. The screen is a bigger than cell and it's easier than using the laptop. I've only had my kindle for about 2 months and the app for less than that, but I've been very happy with it so far.
1, This is being used as an occupational e mail account and I am most pleased with its' ease of use a soul recomend this service to someone.
1, I love this app, IT'S very good for my school & job. Keep up the good work yahoo.com, but I would love If you can update the messenger
1, Easier to use than the envelope email that was loaded onto my phone.
1, It works
0, Yahoo mail is awful, just awful.
1, Great App!
1, Works great. I use it more on my Kindle than on my computer. The speed of checking the inbox is great.
0, I can view my inbox and others folders, but I can not open individual messages, I would not wasting your time with this app.
0, 
1, Works well on my Kindle. Easy-to-use, basic ap. No trouble with ap freezing up. Can scroll through emails. Also has search function and access to folders.
0, I liked it very much because it duplicated the e-mail I have on my PC. However, I did not give it a fourth or fifth star because I was unable to log out and log in as I wished. Once Iogged in, I couldn't find a way to log out.
0, Yahoo mail used to be user friendly and easy to navigate. After the latest upgrade, one can no longer even sort by sender. Following an email thread conversation is extremely challenging since the sections are not longer in temporal order and the response you type is now at the bottom of a potentially long thread and in a smaller, less readable font. advertising rolls out tabs appear just as you are reaching for control links and play "tug of war" until you get past them. Yahoo needs to revert to the last version ASAP. It's going to lose a lot of users.
1, Pretty good!!
1, This app is awesome You can add folders for what you want like contacts you like to hear from and even want to keep emails This is a great app to use
1, Nice program to access emails. Almost better then going to the yahoo website. I would like a "Check email now " button though.
0, I just got the new app and many times when I open an email it goes back to the amazon app store where I originally installed it. Also the images do not open all the time. I am using my old app along with the new one trying to figure it out. I have a new HD 10, so I know that is not the problem. I may have to go back to using my old app.
0, won't even let me log in. keeps asking if I need password help. Kindle fire. So frustrated as the regular web page doesn't function well with kindle either...
1, Like Yahoo email...ez to do...
0, Doesn't work on my kindle.
0, My yahoo mail worked fine for 10 years now that Amazon uses my email everything is screwed up
1, Extremely handy once you get the hang of moving around in it. I would like to see a quick way to sign out... I do not like leaving any type of personal account open.
1, Its free! My daughter set me up. I can log in to my new Kindle and check my email. GREAT!
0, DO NOT BUY FOR THIS IS JUST A CALANDER OF DATES TO READ THE BIBLE - PAIED FOR SOMTHING I COULD OF DID MYSELF AS IT HAD NO MONITORING SYSTEM OR BACKGROUNDD
1, Better then having to go on line to and enter password over and over again. It's a normal app nothing that stands out to make it number 1!!!!!!
1, xyzzz
1, This is an awesome app would encourage family and family to get it. It keeps me in touch with my email all day love it.
1, 3rd install going now. Usually works great and can access my mail with ease.
1, okay
1, if you use a kindle device and have a yahoo e-mail account, this is GREAT!
1, Learning more
1, Completely love Yahoo mail and its ease of use as compared to google mail which is complicated to use and also kindle which is just as confusing. I would definitely recommend this app to others.
1, Love my Yahoo, have been using it for many years. I do not like this new update and have been having many problem with it. Had it check out and it is the Yahoo program.
1, This app works just fine for me. It has all the tools I use regularly, and allows me to customize my screen. When the e-mail app that came loaded on my Kindle Fire stopped working, I downloaded this one and was set up in no time. The spam filter works great. I recommend it.
0, I like it but I don't like having to scroll side-to-side just to read a message. I was hoping for something more like what I get connecting to Yahoo mail on my PC.
1, I have never before needed a personal account email, it used to all just make its way to my main inbox. Now, I can differentiate and categorize things on multiple accounts with one app.
0, This app does not work well. Several times it deleted part or all of the text I'd typed in the body of an email. It locked up often. Using it was very frustrating. I finally uninstalled it.
0, since updating yesterday, my email will not load. I will leave the app open for hours and still nothing. wish I could undo it. fix quickly!
0, Yahoo recently changed its mail and I hate it......I can't find emails, its confusing and difficult to manage. I have opened an MSN account and I'm moving my emailing to MSN.
1, Downloads were very easy and quick. I have Att e-mail but use yahoo to get my mail. 3 more words.
1, Good app. Works well from cell to laptop.
0, Nice phone but the battery life is terrible. Charging does not even last 24 hours and that's with only a couple phone calls.
1, works just like yahoo mail at any computer.
1, I love yahoo mail. It's so easy and convenient to use.In my experience I have yet to find another emailing prohram that has everything but the kitchen sink. If your new to computers this is great for you, if you know everything about computers then it's also great. I would recommend this over any other email
1, Fast and simple to use. All of it in one place! I would definitely recommend this application to anyone who is looking for a quick way to check email on your kindle.
1, Wanted another email app for my kindle fire and Yahoo is a very good alternate. Very easy to install and use.
0, This version hasmany good features, unfortunately it has lost all of my contacts and there is no way to sync them. Looking on the Internet I am not the only person suffering from this. I really think a Yahoo mail app should be able to find Ny Yahoo contacts.
0, It takes forever for your email to download and email erases on it owe.
1, I like it because it's quick n fast straight to the point not a hassle it's great for me three thumbs up for me
0, It takes some getting used to and the commands do not seem as intuitive as other mail programs.
0, I keep deleting this and installing the app again in the hopes someone would fix this! The app is frustrating as well as the new yahoo format in general. The app on my kindle won't let me view my mail in the wide view unless i continually click it. I can click on one emal and shows another. Too jumpy and after a while you just get tired of dealing with the quirks.
1, Love Yahoo Money Section Nd Email
0, I upgraded and now I can't get in tell me its just a joke before I upgrade it was doing great needs to b fixed not a great app anymore
0, I have had this app for 6 months now, thought it would be a quick/easy way for me to check my Yahoo mail when I'm mobile... 80% of the time I'm wrong! Sometimes, it won't open... Other times it just quits responding and closes on it's own... Anytime I delete an e-mail on it, it says it deletes them, then I will go onto Yahoo on my home (desktop computer) and all the &#34;deleted&#34; e-mails will still be in my inbox, they just appear marked as read! If all these dumb glitchy issues were fixed... It might... Just might be a good app!
0, Will be trying to open up my mail and it will stop responding...you can wait or exit...usually have to get out then get back in to get it to work.
1, Does what it's supposed to do...and it's free. :)
1, I like the fact that I always hear a ping every time I get an e-mail. I have little to no complaints about the app
0, I absolutely hate all the commercials that come on the whole time I am on my mail. It is obnoxious and I turn off the sound and close them everytime. I think this is the worst thing that Yahoo has ever done. I am so tired of the interruptions of ad choice and am now using Gmail for a more peaceful experience. Yahoo is no longer a good choice for mail.
1, I love it.I can Read my E- mail so much Better and now that I have it on my Kindle it is Really nice.
0, I installed this APP for my Kindle Fire 8.9" HD. The messages are displayed, everything looks great. But...when I open a message, I don't see the e-mail text. Don't know why that is. I don't have time for this XXX. Life is just too short. I deleted the APP from my Kindle and from my Cloud.
1, I have had Yahoo for a very long time. Easy 15+ years. I have had not one issue in all this time. I would like to thank Yahoo for their dedication to making their service so user friendly. I hope to enjoy Yahoo services for many more years to come.
0, it works well for the most part.it has some limitations.
0, This app worked great for a while on my Kindle Fire HD 1st generation. Not so anymore. When I am reading emails it bounces around if another comes in, takes three tries once I open it to actually come up, and I can no longer view or save any of my attachments (pdf or photos). I have gone through all of their "help" steps that apply to apps such as clearing my browser, my cache and cookies. I have even deleted the app from both my device and the cloud storage, repurchased and reinstalled it. Still have the same problems. I have contacted Yahoo several times, but have received no reply and it's been over two months.
1, It is way it is Yahoo mail
0, There are so many bugs with this app, I don't have time to discuss them all. One, you can't log out. What if I lose my Kindle, and someone finds it ... someone without good intentions and figures out my locked pass code? I have to remove the app from both my device and the cloud to prevent issues and reinstall it when I need to access my emails. I run a business, and I cannot risk having my client information stolen. Two, this app does not link with my desktop or phone in relation to emails I have already gone through and deleted. I log back into this app, and all of the emails I previously deleted are still here. Three, many of the features are quirky at best. Sometimes they work. Sometimes they don't. I can go on, but I chose to see my top three concerns. Too much aggravation and a big safety concern for me to continue using this app. Huge disappointment.
1, My home phone is set up to send me an email whenever I have new voicemail. There are some places I visit frequently that don't have cell service, but wifi is available. Using the Yahoo! Mail app on my Kindle Fire, I can check for voicemail without calling my home phone number. I can even listen to the vmail right in email. I highly recommend this app.
1, Great!
0, Doesn't work.
0, Seems to work good on my Kindle so far.
1, Works well on my Kindle Fire.
1, I like the format of Yahoo on my cell, and on here too. If I could get the username I want , I would start having it as my main email address.But till that happens, I will continue with AOL, that I have had for 13 yrs. Yahoo doesn't put all the spam in my new mail folder, but where it belongs. So Yahoo give me the user name , I have asked for, and I will be even happier.
0, I don't care for it cause the app never downloaded to my phone so what's the point
0, Had been purring along nicely until a monthor so ago. Now it's become soooo quirky. Waiting for the purr to return.
0, Don't use it
1, Great app!
1, At first I wasn't' sure about an app for yahoo mail because I was worried that what if I lost it. Well after thinking....I lock mine anyway. But really I like it because I Don't have to log it everyone now. So my advice, get it for ease.
0, I would like to use this as my primary email app on Kindle Fire because it's generally comfortable to work with, but sometimes the right email won't display in the reading pane when I click on it in the list. Pretty annoying.
1, Fast loading time. Cool interface. User friendly. Nothing to be missed on using webmail. what more can i ask for?
1, I enjoy this app. Works well.
1, Been using Yahoo email for years, LOVE IT!!
1, Its a great app I would suggest it to everyone I know. I get my mail faster using the app.
1, The app works better than the Web site. It makes flipping through the email easier.
1, I use it more than the one on my pc. Service was great download was fast.
1, Works great for the most part.
1, I am extremely pleased with yahoo mail.
1, Satisfied
1, I love my Yahoo Mail account. It is presented in an easy-to-read format. It is very easy to find your previous e-mails. It keeps an indefinite history. It does a great job of screening Spam. It never gives me any technical problems. The home page is overflowing with current news. I've tried others a long time ago but found Yahoo superior in every way. It's what I always recommend to my friends and family.
1, liked the useability. connect to facebook. multiple email accounts. wonderful... but for the past two weeks nothing ... no notifacations from facebook no updates to program notifacations. thus the 4 star rating hope you guys fix or I'll be forced to delete app and possibly both of my accounts.
0, Dislike outbox. My emails get stuck there for 15 minutes.
0, Too hard to use
0, I have yet to be able to retrieve my 'inbox'. So far this app has totally sucked! Would never recommend it!
1, Must have except does give an option to save emails to new folder or let you create them
1, I would only use Yahoo, the others share your information I have used my yahoo for more than thirteen years
0, A lot of junk mail/spam is getting through. Just when you think it may have stopped it will start again and with a vengeance.
1, It's portable for my handling and has all the features I very much want in a device of this nature though, I haven't had it for a long time.
1, Only one I will use. Tried others just could not get tech help like I should have.
1, Have used Yahoo since my first computer. Never had any trouble with the service. For a grandma that's saying something! I love being able to send an email at anytime without having to figure out time zones, and love the long distance relationships I have with friends and family.
1, I love my yahoo mail app. I can keep up with my email no matter what. It is easy to use, easy to search, why wouldn't you want to use it???
1, It's Yahoo mail. It works doesn't crash. I've been getting those annoying "conversations are now grouped together " pop up every time I start up and that's the only thing keeping it from 5 stars.
1, free for me
1, Quick and easy mail recovery. Much better than the old version. I use with an external keyboard and have no problems.
1, Works great
1, Which t.v. t ttc Fri f2f tv f2f. f2f car ::) j. T.v.v th ttc ttc. ugh. crying f2f Cobb veg v ::) h
1, it works well with Kindle fire I had another email app installed and this one is better It installed seamlessly
1, I can't believe it took me so long to start using this app. Far superior to the original emailnappnin the Kindle Fire. Great experience.
1, Its ok.
1, This is basically your Yahoo inbox on your device. I use it on my kindle fire HDX and all my mail is delivered in real time.
1, New mobile app. This new app is easy to use and clean up.
1, Great I love it makes it easier to take wherever I go
1, ok
1, If does the job and does it well.
1, Very well I have always have been with Yahoo will stay till the end. Thanks.
1, Easy to use.
0, Worked initially but stopped to view and or download attachments. Luckly you can bypass app and just log onto yahoo mail from silk browser to view/save email attachments (pictures etc.)
1, Very good
0, There is nothing here worth the "upgrade" over my default email app. Even the new advertisements at the top of my email list. Maybe this works better for other devices, but it's just clutter on my Kindle.
1, Been with yahoo for along time. Love yahoo!
0, liked the old version better. This one keeps changing my choices ,if l want to delete or star and it keeps telling me to uodate it when its already been uodated .if l could get a different mail l would do it in a heart beat.
1, Great app
1, On my computer it works great. I really like it. The features are really good. I am just having trouble on my device signing out. Not sure what is wrong, it may just be that it is not compatible with Kindle Fire.But all in all I really like this product. Like I said it works wonderfully on the lap top.
1, Excellent
1, I like the app.
1, Yeah, I am very happy with this app. The only complaint/suggestion that I would have is that for some reason, it seems like it can take a little bit of lag time to switch frames/pages. Occasionally I find myself touching a link multiple times before it will load/switch over.
0, I have trouble with this receiving msgs when running simultaneously w kindle fire HD mail. Doesn't seem as fast . Very glitch things happen after delete msg the preview stays there or I've seen weirder stuff happening. Setting , if u can find it , it's buried, is limited to like 2 settings that don't do much. Best part is you get to sect a pretty wallpaper but I rather it worked better first and looked pretty second.
0, This app has a hard time loading my mail. It takes forever. When I delete a group of selected emails, it either doesn't delete them or I have to send the command 3-4 times before it processes. please fix this. I need my Yahoo mail available!
1, Easy to use and the notifications for my emails is great!
1, This is so much better than trying to manage email through a browser!
1, it works perfectly, its easy to use, and its fast and reliable. I have absolutely no complaints... this app couldn't get any better!
1, I love being able to view my email on the go. Works terrific and is clear, what more can I say.
0, The "buttons" on this app are quite small for my Fire 7, fifth edition and are sometimes difficult to use, even with a stylus, takes several tries to get the commands to respond properly. I have the most trouble with "empty spam folder", which opens spam folder instead. Otherwise the app provides all I expect for an e-mail app.
1, Enjoying the bonuses. Fun to play.
1, This app is usefull. I can always use it when I need it. Can always count on it.Check it everyday
0, Every new version Yahoo brings out is worse than the last. They bring out new features their users hate and then ignore us on social media when we complain about it. I'm about ready to go to Gmail. Yahoo Mail is a clear example of why Yahoo is a failing company, they've taken something good and made it into something I don't really want.
1, This is a very nice app. It's dependable - sends and receives e-mails as expected. In fact, I prefer using the app on my Kindle Fire HD 8.9" instead of Yahoo's full website interface. The app offers flexibility managing e-mail notifications including a variety of user-defined settings. This app works great on my Motorola Droid Razr M, as well. I will recommend Yahoo Mail to my friends and family!!
1, Simple to use
1, What would I do without my Yahoo Mail?!
0, Could be a little better.
1, I have found the yahoo mail app to be functional and reliable.
1, I like the presentation of the messaging, the icons on the bottom for ease of replying, etc and the personalization of the screen. This seems to work better than the last app I had.
1, Outstanding and it works great.
0, The app works fine, yet they do not allow it for minor use. I found this strange and upsetting.
1, The only thing I didn't like about the new Yahoo mail app was that my address's did not roll over to to new version. Other than that it is a good mail app.
1, Good so far
0, The user interface is simple and easy to use. Since it comes directly from Yahoo, the account is always synchronized when accessed from a different device, e.g. home PC or laptop with Outlook. On the Kindle Fire, it did lockup once and the device had to be restarted to be able to retrieve new email. This has not happened on other devices such as the Samsung Galaxy. One annoying thing are the updates, which change the user interface (not always for the better) and require getting used to something new. I haven't figured out how to get rid of the "beeping" notifications, other than "burying" the device under a pillow at night.
1, So for everything works fine. However had starred some emails for a reason when back to look at it and they were gone the whole month was gone don't know we're they went. Other than that I love ymail vs other email accounts I've used
1, always wondered why there was no app for y/mail. works like a charm!
1, I love it......I rate this a 5 star (twice)...looking forward to more apps for my Kindle...so what is next in store for us? thanx
1, Like
1, Awesome
1, like having available
1, satisfied
1, o.k.
1, Never had any problems, and it's easy to use.
1, Always the best!
0, Eh
0, Not great, but still new to me. Should be identical on the web based and have the same capabilities as this app!! Web should be identical because gmail is better than yahoo mail because of the floating trash can. I really shouldn't have to download another app to do what I want on email!
1, Five stars
1, Great App!
0, Still doesn't work on my Kindle Fire. Very frustrating!!!!!
1, The (older) version I use is very easy to use. It provides me with the service I need.
1, Super Good
1, Everything is great. Easy to use and display is bright & clear. This app is much better than my phone email's display.
0, Having issues with archives folder not available ony kindle fire 7 and my galaxy 6
1, I don't have to go on my laptop every time i want to check my e-mail. It's quick and easy to access.
1, can't be beat
1, love it - this to me is better than and other product - I like it so much I recommended it to a friend
1, Improvement from the initial load on the Thrive. Excellent edit function for marking, deleting, moving, etc. Reading line before opening.
1, Handy app to have on my home screen and can simply swipe unwanted mail away! Kinda awesome!
1, awesome app,user friendly and professional.
1, I love getting my emails on my phone
0, I downloaded and am able to view my email but yahoo keeps saying I don't have this app. they also register a warning saying someone is trying to access my account when it's only me on my kindle instead of my laptop
1, Just sucks that Yahoo Mail no longers work with Outlook or similar platform and can only work through app. App is fine but ties all the other bs with it.
1, Great app for my tablet.
0, Does not appear to be able to move to next message without being able to take no action on the current message.. No way to move to next message and leave first one in in box
0, As a real estate broker, I have found that the new version of yahoo mail does not work for me or most likely other professionals who have difficulty finding important attachments within the new way of locking emails together in a conversation mode....I dislike it intensely. I would rather go to my files and pull out the email with the attachment that I need by simple searching the date or email subject line. It is also difficult to respond to the correct comments within these chain emails without sending the whole conversation. I can't "delete" what I don't want to send. Please change it back!!!
1, My original email for my kindle locked up. Downloaded yahoo mail. And everything has been great.
0, The format has changed and I cannot figure out how to use mail at all. The old format was good, I hate the new one.
1, works just like yahoo mail on your desk top. Use mine all the time. No problem with it at all.
0, This app freezes on my kindle fire and won't refresh messages. I always have to delete the app and install it again to get it to go again. It does this every two weeks. I have installed this app 10 or more times. It would be helpful if Yahoo would work on this issue and correct the problem.
1, Just what I needed
1, very good
1, It's so convenient when traveling with my Kindle to get notified when I have new mail and so easy to retrieve it. I now leave the laptop at home.
1, Can't do without it.
1, Handy to have on my phone I just wish it wouldn't drain my phone battery
1, Great app
1, Although not as advanced as some other email applications, I like the fact that it is Easy To Use. It has enough personal settings to meet general means. I personally like using the Yahoo! Mail app. It works pretty well for me.
0, It will take some getting use to, I must learn my how to do things.
0, I have been using the Yahoo Mail app for a little over a year and had been very happy. Not perfect, as I would use the Kindle built-in mail app depending on what needed to be accomplished. But the recent releases have been painful. What I like: 1) Integration with Y!Mail and desktop 2) Interface, with some exceptions What I don't like 1) Slow. Painfully slow. Walk away, do something else, come back slow 2) Crashes, regularly. Just cleared about 15 empty messages from my draft folder. 3) Finally Y! Mail organizes message threads. Love how it works on the desktop. Love how my Windows Phone mail client does it. Worked great on my old Bberry years ago. Confusing as can be on the Kindle. Or at least weird behavior. 4) [This use to be my number one dislike] When you search for mail, you can read the messages, but not delete, move, or star the message. Really?! This is when I use the Kindle built-in client. I am happy to see more Yahoo apps on the Kindle, the Weather and Fickr apps in particular. But the need to be more stable and perform better.
1, Easy to use.
1, favorite version of the Yahoo mail app so far. Hated the last version but this one is much better. 2THUMBS UP
1, Works good
1, Excellent Read!!! Biblical teachings of Jesus are brought to life.
1, Downloaded easily. Displays your email without any problems so far. Nice layout of options. You can add other email accounts also. All in all, a very good app.
1, This is a fantastic app that allows the perfect synchronization with my kindle fire.
1, This is the best email app client, especially if you are a yahoo user. One of the best applications to have for free overall. I recommend this to all
1, Great
1, Love it
1, Nothing
1, Yahoo never fails to work, I've used it for over a decade.
1, Enjoy using it comes in real handy when I am on the road. My only concern is security. The easy-to-use system is great
1, Works on DROID razor maxx. Can forward, send emails, view them as normal. Dont use the email app pre installed on phone, but this. Works great. Also compatible with kindle fire
0, Lately Yahoo mail is hopeless. You can't even access your own account -- clients can't operate. One thing still works well, though -- SPAM! All of that get's through. Has anyone else had this problem?
1, I use my kindle every where so getting my mail on the go is fast and easy.
0, I don't like the format where the mail automatically overlay's itself. It makes it hard to tell which email you need to retrieve.
1, Works well on my Amazon fire, better than on my phone, frankly.
1, I love it. Works perfectly. No complaints thus far.
1, GREAT APP.
1, updates as soon as I put my password in to get into my kindle. I love it! its simple and fast and easy. couldn't be better.
1, Easy to use, comprehensive and smart. Very pleased. Quick access to all folders. Clearly audible signal of incoming mail. Good buy
1, A great, little tool for e-mail. I like its portability and ease of use. I would recommend this item to my friends.
1, Not bad. Occasionally freezes and crashes. But it's FREE.
1, I love having Yahoo mail. It's great. I don't have to spam allot it does it for me. And I can check it any where I go. I have had this email for a long time and never once had a issue. Thanks Yahoo.
1, Shuts down every now and then but overall smoother look and functionality. It's also much easier to access other folders too.
0, I should have just kept what I had and not upgraded. it wouldn't even load my emails after a half hour of waiting! so frustrated! !
0, When trying to delete old mail, app doesn't register. Left with hundreds of messages you can't get rid of
1, Good
1, Only one I use
1, I prefer this to the email program supplied with the Kindle Fire. I had trouble uploading my Yahoo contacts with the Kindle Fire program. With the Yahoo app I didn't have to do anything. And it's free.
1, Kindle email app died. Kept sticking on old emails. Would not download new emails. Yahoo works great. Smooth and reliable.
1, Been a long time user of Yahoo and very satisfied.
1, Easy to use, llove it,
1, It works great and the format looks just like my computer so I like that. Also it is very crisp and clear to see. No problems so far!
1, It works. I use it on my computer, my Windows 7.5 phone and my wife's Windows 7.5 phone and her Kindle.
1, works great
1, Let's me keep up with my email when I travel so I can keep my mailbox from overflowing ...works well.
1, love this app make it sooo soo so so easy for me to check my email from anywhere from my cell!!
1, very easy to use
0, How do you add multiple email addresses? I gave up and deleted app.
1, Yahoo Mail generally is very good and reliable. Other than an occasional slow response time, I have no real complaints with the system. I have never detected Yahoo Mail forwarding my personal messages to third parties without my prior knowledge and approval. I did find Hotmail forwarding my email mrssages to government agencies and informants, and when I challenged Hotmail re this practice, my account was cancelled by Hotmail without prior notice or explanation.
1, you people should get this app it really helps me and it might even help you even tho I'm young I have over 2,000 emails and mails all over the place but I deleted them easily. I love it añd. maybe you too
1, Great job
1, great
0, just downloaded the app for the second time it still sucks. ads keep popping up then sends me back to log in cant even view my emails. will be deleting. get it together geeze!
0, Hate the new update! Totally messed up by taking out the picture themes and putting just color yuck and the setup is just terrible. Very disappointed! Change back and I'll give 5 stars. 👎
1, This app is very handy and extremely easy to use. One minor complaint. I wish yahoo could sync the app so when users open or delete emails it shows on other devices with the yahoo app.
1, Just installed this today on my Kindle Fire (not HD) and I couldn't be happier. It is faster and easier to use than my computer and, so far, I'm enjoying the notice that I have received mail. This seems as if it will be a lot less hassle to keep up with my email so I will check them in a more timely fashion. Hope it doesn't go downhill from here.
1, Awesome
1, There are many times that the delete button doesn't work.
1, Clearer images, easier to use and faster.
1, I use yahoo all the time and this gets it on my kindle very easily yahoo is on all my electronics
1, I want to operate my digital devices much as I do my car.... easy to operate safely and without constant maintenance, but without being a mechanic or with continual visits to a mechanic. With this in mind, I' rate this ap. equivalent to a Ford Focus.
1, It gives me pretty much what I expect from the service. I have been satisfied. I would recommend to a friend.
1, With the Kindle, I use this when I can't get to the computer. Its a wonderful app for the Kindle.
1, Makes running my business from my tablet quick and easy. Love how all your options are neatly organized and at your fingertips. Makes attaching files and photos easy.
1, So far, so good.
1, Had to figure this out-not tech minded. Am 62,with no training. On a tablet & not as big. Good to have away from computer!
1, I was reluctent to install this after poor reviews but thought I would find out for myself. Scrolling for e-mails is not an issue for me as the settings I have set on PC is to view 200 mails so that is what is onscreen the kindle so it lets me scroll all the way down. I have no adds either, although that may be because I am a Yahoo! Plus User.
1, Easy to navigate this App. I love how it organizes the different folders!
0, A bunch of spam emails keep getting sent to my main inbox instead of my spam folder.
0, I don't know what has happened in the last two days but this app has turned to do do. They have done some updates not sure what the issue is but I am ready to pull the plug on this quickly becoming useless app.
1, Better than it used to be. I can actually use it now.
1, works well on my Amazon Fire tablet
0, This app cannot recognize my user name or password. I was forced back to Yahoo classic. I will remove this from my device!
1, All the email basic functions are included along with some customizations.
1, Excellent app
1, Seems comparable with GMAIL. I use both accounts for different purposes.
1, Love it , can't do without it. Great thanks for coming up with it.
1, Connects to your accounts, you can hook up more than one e-mail address... handy little app.
1, I think it's great to have on my kindle, because so many programs cannot use my other e mail, juno.
1, Mail
1, I like it
1, Excelente
0, I gave this 3 stars, as it again doesn't always load and you would be better off, keeping your email private.
1, Mail
1, Love it
1, Is what it is and does what it's supposed to. Works on my Galaxy S4 and haven't had any issues with it.
1, great app. I love it
1, this has made it so good to keep in touch with family, friends across the miles. Some of the news stories aren't....but otherwise happy.
1, I've been very satisfied with Yahoo Mail for the three or four years I've been using it. I've tried Cox, gmail and one other service but like YM the best.
1, Like to get my mail
1, yahoo is a super web page with everything I need to see from u.s. and around the world. I fully recommend this app to everyone.
1, Downloaded this when the mail app that came on kindle no longer recognized yahoo. Wish I had downloaded it from beginning. It is yahoo and it is great. What else can I say?
0, Browser version is better. I uninstalled it. This killed my battery very fast.
1, Haven't had any problems yet. It works better on the kindle fire hd than going on the yahoo website. Can actually empty trash and spam. I like the themes also.
0, I keep having problems. I don't always receive all my mail.
1, I use this app a lot and depend on it to make my plans. thank you for being there for me.
1, still has some kinks to work out. much better than before. sometimes will not update if I check email on my phone or computer.
0, do not yahoo new setup.
1, yahoo mail is to me like cell phones are to most people.
1, Good
1, Anytime you can take a small android like this and check your mail its a good day. It works fine for me and I like having it. Thanks
0, It would not work
1, I had a very difficult time syncing my yahoo "contacts" with Yahoo mail. In fact, a Kindle tech asst told me that it couldn't be done. THEN, a Yahoo tech asst got me squared away right away. Her name is Chloe...Thank you, Chloe!! :) :)
0, Don't like the blue background.
0, This is a good app for checking my email. Very handy. It serves my purpose well. I'm glad I could put this on my Kindle.
1, Gives me everything I need.
1, The greatest.....!
0, Yahoo mail continually gets hacked and then your entire address book is spammed. You try and get help from yahoo and it's impossible to get ahold of an actual person. Good luck. Their phone system is so jammed with complaints that if you get past the constant busy signal, you are then on hold for 20 mins then a recording comes on and says they are too busy to answer your call and hangs up on you. The constant barrage of ads and their junior high school level "reporters" that can't put two sentences together and twist whatever story they are telling to their own personal beliefs is ridiculous. Use some other email system and forget yahoo, they suck!
0, This app is clunky, intrusive and unnecessary. If yahoo would just work with Amazon Mail there would be no problem. Yahoo says it's unsecured. HA! How does Yahoo know what is and what's not secure as they've had their system hacked multiple times. I hated the clunky app and the permissions are WAY excessive and as well as being none of their business.
1, Only had this app for a couple days, but so far it is great.
1, What's not to love???
0, This app on this platform is terrible. I have to do things, such as deleting messages, moving them, or marking them as read, two and three times to get them to stick. Often when I try to mark a message as not SPAM it will keep coming back into the SPAM folder, sometimes disappearing altogether. I use this app on another platform and it works well. Looks like they skimped on the Fire version.
0, Unless you're having issues with the previous version of Yahoo mail, installing the new version will give you New problems to deal with. No &#34;combined&#34; accounts, inability to stop the application (which will drain your Kindle battery amazingly fast) and best of all, no way to get the fully functional, debugged, and working version back.
1, Ever since Yahoo acquired Oddpost in 2004, they've had the jump on all other free email providers, in my opinion. They've extended this expertise into the realm of the mobile mail app, and the Android version is an excellent example of this. Easy and smooth navigation from folder to folder, and intuitive message management are the highlights here. I do have a couple minor gripes that almost aren't worth mentioning: you can't pinch to zoom in or out, you have to use a little plus/minus button; when deleting a message you aren't taken to the next most recent message, which I think should at least be an option. Other than that, my hat is off to the Yahoo developers for yet another well designed app.
1, Its a good use to keep a messy Pearson organized with his/or her mail or what ever they need it for
1, It is okay. It is better than the default email app I was using on my kindle.
1, I like Yahoo mail. It's helpful for me.
1, It's awesome
0, this last update means I have to use my laptop to read my email! what good is an app for mobile devices if it doesn't allow you to do what you need to do and is a step ( or 2) backwards in technology.
1, The new update is fantastic
1, A very useful app.
1, injoy this app easy to uses if you use Yahoo you will like this app simple to use Yahoo mail is my main mail. I have others but Yahoo is my favorite
1, It's works good
1, This is a great app. I only have one complaint about it.It seems to not have a reply button, but it's not a big thing so I give it five stars.
1, My actual email setup with my kindle stop working so I started using this and it does a good job.
1, Just wonderful. One of the best in class. Ease of operation,handling and understanding. strongly recomended. I find it very usefull and convenient.
1, Yahoo! Mail works very well on the Kindle Fire. It's an easy way to view, read, and delete messages. A useful and worthwhile app for the Kindle Fire.
1, Love the unlimited storage! Yahoo mail is reliable and easy to use. Best of all, I can keep years of emails at no cost!
1, A wonderful app for my kindle fire. I can check my email in the doctor's office or at work on my lunch hour.
1, No problems and easy to use.
0, Today, 11/18/16, in order to use the Kindle yahoo email app, Amazon is demanding access to my yahoo email contacts, calendar, etc! I can access yahoo online, thank you. Boo.
0, Lags terrible. Reloads several times per email, causing many delays and frustration. The gmail app loads faster than yahoo...with gmail AND yahoo accounts loading at the same time!!
1, Great
1, Very easy to manage. Problem and bug free.
1, Works good
0, Yahoo has gone down hill for years now. It was ok at its best...........I have nothing good to say about yahoo. It offers you nothing.
1, To have a tablet that you use to check your email (s) depending how many accounts one may have is awesome!
0, Like many of you - I am beyond frustrated about the new Yahoo mail app. I rely heavily on this app for my business and the functionality of being able to receive emails without having to go look for them is key. Now none of my emails are pushed through nor do I get an audible alert. Does anyone know if or when Yahoo is planning to post an update? How would I/we go about finding out?
1, Great addition to my Kindle. It makes it very convenient to be able to get me email on my Kindle.
1, Would be lost without my Yahoo!!!
1, Does what it says works for my kindle fire A
1, Good
0, I have difficulty accessing my emails. If I ever succeed in connecting, it shows very old messages and refuses to update. So I have stopped using it.
1, love getting my mail on my kindle and its so easy to send e-mails. I would recommend getting this app
1, A good free app that works well and is easy to use liked it very much especially as it is free.
0, I'm stuck with it.
1, Great
1, easy to use and very fast on the kindle fire. convenient for checking for new emails and writing quick replies. only shows 10 most recent in your inbox though
1, always have everything that you want to be like when u forget your password then it sends automatically to your email account with no problems.
1, Fantastic
0, I just got my kindle and this was one of the first apps I got. I mean it is ideally convenient to look at your e-mail, but I did not know that it would notify me whenever I got mail. I just turned off my sounds.
1, This app is easy to use and convenient when you are in a hurry.
1, Easy to use!
1, I've had yahoo for a while think it great never had any problems
0, Runs slow...don't like
1, Very user friendly on our Kindle Fire HDX: FAR superior to the other methods of checking my email. You can see part of your messages displayed as you scroll through them. It is like clearing the garden of weeds, it really gives such satisfaction to scroll down, marking each one, all for the glorious moment you can tap &#34;Delete&#34;! And moving files to other folders is really easy too. Managing your inbox is the easiest and fastest I've experienced yet with this app on the Kindle Fire than on my phone or pc. Hope this helps. :-)
0, It's okay, and allows you to read your email. Only thing it DOESN'T do, is let you logout. Never heard of an email app that you CAN'T logout of.
1, GOOD
1, I love this app so much! I love how you get to choose from like twenty notification sounds, and right when someone emails you (if your kindle's on), you'll here the notification sound! I highly recommend this app if you have a Yahoo! Mail account!
1, Used it for about twenty years. Never failed me.
1, great program
1, Paid version excellent; my email client of choice.
1, Need to keep friends ALWAYS--some I've had forever, some are new, ALL are great so I need to keep in touch with them.
0, awesome sight
0, When they changed to the new format they made it more confusing, Calendar needs a lot to be desiered.
0, Yahoo has decided that I want a preview page, and will not let you toggle out of it, yahoo if I wanted aol mail I would still be using them, look for a better app.
0, It' won't allow me to look at e-mails that are in my "Sent" folder, but does an OK job with 'Inbox' emails.
1, I enjoy using Yahoo mail and its bundled features. Much improved of late, the GUI is easy, fast and intuitive. Works flawlessly, as does 'push' feature for notifications. Recommended.
1, Happy to get my mail now.
1, I'm always glad when an app works as it should, so this one is acceptable, Everything seems to work except I can't get messages to delete from all the locations where they are stored.
1, Received, with easy installation.
1, Love this app. I have it for my smart phone and kindle fire. I love that it gives you notifications when you have email. My smart phone was set up for Gmail by default so my Yahoo mail wasn't connecting to the email on my phone. Downloading this app fixed that problem.
1, Great app
1, The e-mail on my Kindle Fire stopped working in Nov so I down-loaded this app, but I have two Yahoo accounts and could only get it to load one of them. I need both, so I am trying to figure out how to get the second account to also load, but so far to no avail.
1, Pretty good app to check your email.
0, This is one of the most unfriendly sites. It is impossible to contact them and speak with a real live person. Cannot find answers regarding all aspects of my mail. The only thing I like about it is it is not as expensive as the others.
0, I've been a Yahoo mail user for 8 years. For pleasure and work. Works very well 95% of the time. But the rest of the time it crashes or asks me to try again later. 30 minutes without email for work can be a real problem. I might make a move to gmail -I'm simply addicted to Yahoo as my homepage.
1, Does everything I need it to do. Easy to use. Fill all the requirements that I need in internet mail.
1, Great app works great I love it and I love yahoo !!!
1, I use this app a lot and find it easy to navigate. Wish could actually access my contacts and forward messages.
1, There nothing like yahoo . It's part of my life. It's so complet and perfect. It really a PO Box
1, Ive been using this for years. Thank goodness it works on my kindle. Don't need my desktop anymore. I can log in anywhere in the house now.
0, this app worked great till the last update now it wont load any emails :( so its of no use to me then when u try to send for help through support u get no answer :(
1, This new way of deleting emails is so easy and so sweet to use. Thank you!
1, I have had this email for 17years with no problems. thank you Yahoo. I can always. count on getting my mail when I go there.
0, Not looking for anything mor than to receive and send e-mail... Don't canre about what s happening on FB or anyother media
1, I have used Yahoo Mail for many many years and have gotten very good service.
1, It's really nice to have a APP for everyone to contact you on and everything !!!
1, ok
0, It was an ok app
0, Could be better
1, I've been using Yahoo! Mail for years, but now it's even easier on my tablet. It just alerts me, and there is my most recent mail. Very convenient, especially for free.
1, I use this everyday, so download it you will love it
1, Easy to retrieve and give short replies just what I need it to do. Just don't expect a full fledged email supported program
1, I love this app and its so user friendly
1, Easy to use. I have not had any problems at all with this app. I was undecided on whether to download this to my kindle but I took a chance and I really do like the App.
1, I don't like that you have to hit the back arrow to go to the next e-mail. Am I missing something? Is there a more convienent way?
1, A must have for Us, that Yahoo !!!
1, Great app no problems
0, The Classic was so easy to use but this new change is awful. I have two e-mails that I could get with the Classic. I can't get it anymore just the Yahoo one. I wish they would go back to the old system.
1, Love it
0, This app takes forever to download e-mails. I hare that every time I delete an e-mail it searches for new e-mails. What used to take a couple minuates now takes 5 times longer. I like the combined e-mail inbox a lot better.
0, This makes it take too long to clean out my inbox! I have to go through them one at a time and that is not necessary!
1, and i can get my mail on the go. Works as hoped for, and not sure what else to say!
1, I actually like it better than google
0, Has issues
1, I don't have any sort of electronic or wifi piece of equipment and this was very exciting for me to be able to see my email in another room of my house.
1, I use Yahoo mail everyday. Often more than once a day. It's quick and easy. What more do you want from an email system? You can use it to search your mail, save your mail in different folders for easy access and later retrieval, and you can use spam filters to keep unwanted mail at bay.
1, Works great for your cards ect. Don't even have to use a purse if don't want too.
0, The promo material claims it can access multiple Email accounts. My employer provides me with several company Emails on a Yahoo Business Hosting Account. The help info does not explain how to add that type of account and putting in the user name with password does not work.
1, Kindel Yahoo mail app is a great improvement over the original one - simple to download and ready to use without going in depth while trying to figure out how it is suppose to work; 'download and forget', simple and easy
0, Ever since Verizon.net teamed up with Yahoo I've had nothing but problems. I don't get emails from one of my contacts, who just happens to have Yahoo as her email address, and she doesn't get emails from me. I have spammed numerous emails and yet I still keep getting them in my inbox. Many times when I sign on I am not showing I am available and I have to click to make myself available in messaging. Many times I have go off IE and come back on just to show my emails. I really wish Verizon had not hooked up with Yahoo.
0, Sorry to say, but I do not like the app. Have it installed on my new kindle 8.9. The theme is not clear. you can not hardly even make out the picture. Have it on other tabs and works just fine, except the theme keeps on going and have to reset it.
1, It has been a long time since I last used Yahoo Mail. I particulary like the cross ulitization of Gmail and Yahoo Mail, along with some other fine mail apps. Keep the good work.
1, Easy to use
1, Been using this for years
0, Not crazy about the "new" Yahoo email program as it takes up too much space on my netbook and I consistently get the message that "Yahoo is not responding". Extremely frustrating. Would really like to have the Classic version back.
1, I can do anything I want as if it were my laptop. I'm using my kindle fire and haven't had any issues. I can log in and out using the profile. Great job yahoo!
1, Works as expected
1, It's fast and easy to use. It's great for on the go use when you haven't a computer handy. I love it!
0, While writing emails on Kindle Fire, the text I am working on will unexpectedly revert to a prior state, leaving off anything I had written in between. This is very frustrating after laboriously tapping out text.
1, I use it daily
1, Much more happy with this mailer than my main one. I don't get spam. And I can have folders to be able to save stuff like recipes.
1, Usually I use Aol but this app is wonderful. I have it on my kindle Fire,and it makes my life a lot easier. I keep track of my email from any where.
1, It's good
1, Its great for my Kindle Fire. Now I know where my app is on my kindle for my Yahoo mail before had to go on web site to get my mail
1, THIS IS A GREAT PROGRAM FOR US TO CHECK OUR E-MAIL ANYWHERE & ANYTIME! MY FAMILY IS ALL OVER THE USA & EUROPE SO IT HELPS US KEEP IN TOUCH! THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!
0, Since Yahoo did their latest upgrade around 15 June, I have not been able to use this at all. I have deleted and reinstalled, followed instructions on forum's but nothing works. It keeps kicking me back to sign in page. Shame as it was very handy.
1, i started using this app after my original email app failed to retrieve my new messages. using the app is just like using yahoo on my computer. i would recommend this app to any yahoo users.
1, Works pretty good on my Kindle. I had to uninstall & re-install to get it working properly. Does the job.
1, Thank you.
1, Works fine. I'm going to have to get used to using it on the Kindle - it's different than on the computer.
1, My favorite mail program.
1, Fantastic, wonderful, easy to use, gives me a lift everyday, could not live without using it often, thanks this app is amazing.
1, For those faithful users of Yahoo, I'm happy to say that you'll be very pleased with this app. Easy to use and access. Thus far I've had no problems (have had over 2 years).
1, Good app
1, Good connection
1, Great, using it for 10+ years
1, App seems to work well, saving time getting to site.
0, sucked
0, I USE THIS APP A LOT. Just wish it were as full-functioned as the online version.
1, It performs just fine for my needs. Very satisfied.
1, I love that I don't have to go to the online Yahoo because its so slow. I would update the accounts because I have two different ones and its harder to go from one to the other with the switch action because some times it wont let me. also i would like if the conversation thing would stop popping up everytime you go on or if your looking at emails that plurplish blue screen pops up but other than that I love it its so easy I even showed my mom how to use it and she hates anything dealing with technology and she can navigate it easily.
0, Emails fail to load in proper sequence sometimes. Image display is poor, not quality, but enabling them. Scroll functions poorly.
1, Good
0, I need it but sometimes it wont load the email or it wont sync..tried to uninstall then reinstall but everything says it's already installed and I can't reinstall...
1, love my yahoo!
1, Works great with my phone
1, Good app I don't use it much since I just usually get online on my kindle fire hd to check my email but it does alert me when I have an email
1, This application set itself up easily. Two other email applications gave me trouble and the the application that came with the Kindle stopped working altogether for no discernible reason.
1, Only Mail service out there that is any good.
1, Easy to use. Good interface. I recommend it if you have yahoo mail. Fine with ads, they don't fark over
1, Nice to have a list, to keep up to date.
0, I really don't know if I expect more of this app, but It didn't impress me so I remove, it works but not so good for me
0, I fund it hard to ues and not so friend and I would not tell the people I know not urs it.
1, Like the fast action to get yahoo and my
0, I cannot mass dump emails!
1, IT IS REALLY GREAT TO BE ABLE TO CHECK MY EMAIL ON MY KINDLE NOW NO MATTER MHERE I AM..
1, I have always used Yahoo as my email server. Never been unhappy with it. Able to get all my mail. Also use on my laptop.
0, Very unreliable, the company changes the format at will, never offers feedback as to why, slow, cumbersome, too many "grades", poor code (in my opinion). The Internet Explorer they provide is their make-over of a well working system and thus has a terrible time with newer OS's. When help is needed it is almost impossible to get a tech whose primary language is English. I think it is one of the worst email systems available (even when one has paid for the Plus or better grade system). I would not recommend Yahoo Mail to anyone.....
1, Great product
1, It gives you notifications when you have an email....and I have a kindle fire and it never runs slow it anything like that...very efficient to use...great app..if you're doubting getting it....GET IT.! :D
0, I miss the old classic mail. It was easy and friendly. Now I have to go to the bottom of what is often a long page just to find the send button. I sometimes can't find where to start once I hit the reply button because that is also near the bottom of a long page. I don't like when I look at my mail that it shows the beginning of what I said in answering someone's mail to me. Also I will check and label something as spam and still get from that vendor again the next day. I keep thinking I may go to a different email address, but I hate changing my email and having to notify everyone. I am 71 years of age and I like things simple, not as simple as basic, but at least as simple as classic was.
1, Not a bad app working better than the website version. Haven't had any problems with the app so far.
0, I do not remember ordering this, and do not know what to do with it.
1, Better than the option that came with my phone
1, This app is easy to use and gets the job done for reading my Yahoo mail. No complaints.
0, With the recent upgrade, this worthless app doesn't work on my Kindle Fire. I'm giving up and using the utility. Thanks for nothing Yahoo.
1, So far so good
1, So much better than the previous one.
0, Needs to have filer options for the mail in your box like it used to have.
0, It's steadily gone down hill over the years Just more and more add
1, Pleased with my EMail
1, Who wouldn't love the sound of Westinghouse every 5 seconds!!!!!
0, Problem with it is that it requires that I keep signing in on my Amazon Tablet . A real nuisance. Also, Yahoo seems to make changes in your e mail without your knowing it.
0, Very slow. Seems like it's struggling to find servers I have this on my android phone also.Just to slow.shame .even when you have an acct.
1, I like using this app, it allows me to check my e-mails without logging into my computer. One downfall though is I haven't figured out if I can place emails into folders that I have created.
1, I love mine one my device. Great for my business, when I need to check my emails. Thanks Yahoo. Have used you guys since you began.
1, just the best
0, Great design, such a shame it does not allow to sync Calendar and Contacts. The contacts can be sync in one direction only, from the Yahoo account to the tablet but not the other way around.
1, It awesome. App for emails. It work. Great.
1, Don't know what I'd do without this app. I've had no issues with it and it does it's job the best I could expect.
1, Love it
0, An email app where their isn't a way to log off your account?? Deleted it after I found that out....
0, If you ever require human interface, I have found from personal experience that yahoo mail does not employ a human. Two 'people' I spoke with (after 250 busy signals and then 2 hours of hold time) exhibited few if any human qualities. Neither could do anything about my problem with my mail. Their suggestion was to delete the account and try again; for an email account I have been using for 15 years. Long story short; they could not care less about any one individual user - they have many millions.
1, This is a great app. The only issue I have with it is that it doesn't seem to sync with my computer app. My deleted emails are still on my computer. I might be doing something wrong. :)
1, good for yahoo mail
1, Great app and works just like it should!
1, Useful on a lot of different devices.
1, The Yahoo mail free email app works on my Kindle. According to Yahoo, it is less hackable than accessing Yahoo mail thru my browser. The interface is a bit different, but after I got used to it, it was fine. I had to download it twice before I got it to work, so I'm giving it 4 stars.
1, As described and on time .
1, My main email account.
1, Great app- works fairly closely to the same as my desktop version. No problems, no glitches- works great for when I'm travelling, and not able to use a full-sized desktop.
0, Whis Amazon First would let me down load the newer Yahoo app.
1, Could be better, but does what I need it to.
0, It's OK but I get better results using the "other" guy
1, efficiency
0, I keep getting emails my Kindle is low security & wants me to change my password. I do not want to change my password.
0, Do not like the grouping of emails. Once one is deleted, all are. You took away the stationary ages ago. That was so pleasant.
1, love this app every easy to use
1, Good
0, So far I've found one major flaw in this App and that is I can't seem to find any way to "log out". There should be a way to "log out" so that if anyone should pick up (or find) the device) and open Yahoo Mail that they don't automatically have access to my entire email account (yes, I know there is an option to put a security code on the Kindle Fire (HDX 8.9) itself). I should at least have the option to "log out" in order to help protect the integrity of my email account. I don't want just anyone picking up my Kindle to be able to read through and even "send" emails from my account without having to put in a password of some sort. Perhaps I've simply missed this option but I don't see it anywhere in the settings or anywhere else. I did read a review that was a couple of years old that complained of the same thing but I thought they might have fixed that issue by now. It doesn't appear that they have. If that issue were corrected I could potentially see raising my rating from two to three, four, perhaps even five stars. However, not being able to log out of an email account seems to me to be a serious security flaw. If I've simply missed this option and it DOES already exist, please let me know.
0, The server seems sooooo slow at times. I guess for free you cant complain too much. People who send me mail tell me that the yahoo e-mail frequently blocks their message.
1, this app makes it so easy to read your email I am so happy to have it on my kindle.
0, Don't like it!!! Should of have left well enough alone. We should be given the option to choose to change or keep what's working!!
0, I deleted immediately, so, essentially a permanent logout/workaround.
1, I like it
1, Mail! Mail! Mail. Yahoo is free. What's not to love about that?
0, I do not like the fact that only 10 emails load at a time. Its so annoying! and I literally have to delete emails to see the next ten. anyone know of a better yahoo ap to use?
0, Works pretty good with yahoo mail only as far as being able to read them. It's bare bones on the fire 7", especially coming from iOS world. Search shows everything, even what's in your trash & you can't narrow it down to inbox. It's only been a few days, but sure I'll find more quirks and post them.
0, Don't like that it opens the next email instead of returning to in-box or the fact that the app needs continuous internet connection.
1, Works great on my IOS device the clear all mail at once other than one at a time. Still trying to figure that out on my Fire tablet
0, Always disappointing.
1, Enjoy the versatility! Anything I need, is somewhere nearby on this app
0, Difficult calendar access, refresh is slow
1, My main email account.
0, I can never get my old account on it so I deleted it
1, i love it
0, Quirky.....roll your dice take your chances. sometimes works great sometimes freezes up or force closes. I like a lot of the features, but usually have some sort of issue 5-10% of the time.
0, It works, but I prefer Gmail's app better.
1, Now I can get my email on my Kindle Fire instead of my cell phone. Larger on Kindle and easier to read. Gets all your emails
1, Free-which is always great- love the home page with the news, has endless storage with no worry of crashing and allows you to sort, delete and save with ease
1, Most everything works, stable on the fire phone.
1, Satisfactory so far
1, Love it
1, It's great
1, This app is great if you are 'invested' in yahoo to any extent whether it be doing all your email through them or having a messenger account. With this app you have access to your mail, Y! Messenger, ect with no extra steps after opening the app. For use on a Kindle Fire and Creative Ziio Creative ZiiO 8 GB 7-Inch Android 2.1 Wireless Entertainment Tablet (White); I haven't had any problems with this app. As other reviewers noted much easier than navigating through a web browser, open the app and your inbox is right there.
1, Nice when I'm not near my computer.
1, Use every day
1, No problems
1, Great
1, I would highly recommend yahoo mail. I have used it for years and I will continue to use it. I've never had a problem with it.
0, I like having the ease of my email on hand without having to sign in at Yahoo and then sign into the mail box. The only thing that worries me about this app is there is not a sign out option.
1, Finally I can get my email on my ipad
1, I don't like change, but love the new Yahoo.
1, Ok
0, All sorts of problems, still can't sign in from phone.
1, The Yahoo app is a well needed tool to have, besides the freezing when swiping and refreshing for mail on my tablet sometimes, this is an excellent app.
1, I've had the same yahoo email address since 98. All I need.
1, This is my email place for many years. I love the fact that I can grow and learn while they do. Wonder mail app for me.
1, Great look good functionality makes it easy to check mail during day
0, I found that navigating among different email accounts was more cumbersome. But the thing that really galled me wad the "sponsor content" message that always appeared at the top of my in baskets. I want my email, NOT ADVERTISEMENTS! I went back to the older version which I much prefer.
0, Works fine but can't re-sort inbox i.e. by sender.
1, GREAT
0, Update does not work, I can't even read any of my emails. Wth yahoo. >[ Worst part is I don't even know how to uninstall the update. P!ease fix as soon as possible, I don't have a computer to check emails.
0, Having trouble navigating the moves. Need more practice
0, Verizon is fighting Amazon and won't let me load it on Fire. Opened new gmail. Bye Yahoo
1, It's great
0, They added ads that slow mail, and takes up a third of screen. Horrible. App was decent but now worthless. Moving primary account to gmail.
1, Great App. Cannot believe it's free. Really!!! Easy to customize. Fast. Never crashes. Secure. Love !t.
0, I am irritated with Yahoo on my kindle! It crashes every time I attempt to open it and is way too slow when I attempt to open my messages. I do t know why, but it's really getting on my nerves!
1, It's easy with the app
0, newest version has ads at the bottom of your inbox. They are always there, distracting you. very disappointed in yahoo. would delete this app if I could.
0, I searched Sim simile and this cane up I'm so sick of them not having tootle apps like google play!!!!
0, I have had to change password 3times,due to adds popping up and interfering with Sig in.
1, hey how u doing well this is examle1. Many more to come. bye ya oh I forgot don't forget to coment!
1, Layout is easy to use, does everything it needs to do. Like that I can set up sub-folders and multiple accounts. I've tried other apps but always return to using Yahoo.
1, I use it all the time
0, Like many others, the body of the email is blank--even with images enabled. I used to be able to check my email, now I can't read it. And there is no point in having an email program if I can't check it. Like the new look (though I miss seeing my general email theme), but I hate not being able to see anything.
1, Just like waiting on the mail man...I like hearing from my family and friends. So I use this everyday. I would recommend it to anyone.
1, So far so good
1, I had lots of problems with an older version, but it's working great now. I'm glad they worked out the bugs because email access is essential.
0, Stalls now more than before upgrade
1, Too many ad's but otherwise a good app
1, I was able to tie this into my wife's account through the Kindle. When I ordered the Fire for my wife they sent it already registered under my account, so she was unable to access her email. My email was coming through fine, but we couldn't register her account. We had to downlpoadthis App in order for her to access her yahoo mail.
0, The app works great on my android phone and I would give the phone version 5 stars. BUT, it runs very slooooooooooooooow on my second generation kindle fire. Loading is slow. I sometimes cancel and restart to get it to load. Deleting messages is also very slow. Opening messages is somewhat faster but still slower than the same app on my phone.
1, Been with Yahoo for a long time, no complaints.
1, always wondered why there was no app for y/mail. works like a charm!
1, I love it......I rate this a 5 star (twice)...looking forward to more apps for my Kindle...so what is next in store for us? thanx
0, I don't think this really works all that well. I end up checking yahoo on the browser on my phone anyway.
0, I didn't think it was possible for this app to get any worse but with the latest update it did indeed get worse. Messages now take forever to load, or worse: I get a blank screen sometimes when the message finally opens. Oh, did I mention that the app doesn't capture all my contacts? When I go to enter someone's name I find certain names missing, yet these same contacts are in my phone's Yahoo app, as well as on the desktop version of Yahoo mail. I will make sure to not accept this latest update on my android phone, and will delete the app from my Kindle Fire.
1, brings my email account up and has a great set up
1, I've been using this app on my kindle and my phone for about six months, so far I've had no problems with it. I love that it notifies me when I get new mail so I don't leave important messages waiting too long :)
1, Haven't had any problems with this app since I installed it on my kindle fire. Live being able to check my email while I'm on the go!!
1, I'm enjoying the neatness and clarity of the yahoo new design.
1, I love being able to check my email or I.M. with a friend with this app! Being able to choose a theme is also very nice!
1, Great way to keep up with your Yahoo email on your Kindle, you can check all of you folders & move emails between your folders. hHven't had any problems with this app.
0, Every time my PC locks up it's when I'm on Yahoo.com. I quit using Yahoo.
1, Happy with the yahoo app. It appears to be secure and that's what I want.
1, I enjoy my time every day when I get to sit down at the computer and see what's on my email. It's easy to attach pictures, etc. and keep in touch with my cousins around the country.
1, has worked welll for me for many years. Cant say more than that
1, I like the way the app keeps access to my emails.
1, Yahoo! Mail is a great application for any of your emailing needs. On occasion there's a minor glitch, but it's an app, I mean, what app IS perfect? It's convenient, easy to use, and it saves you a lot of time. Why go to your browser and wait thirty and thirty clicks to load the page when it's already right there on your home screen?
1, I haven't found any problems with receiving my email since I switched to Yahoo email.
1, I prefer it over all the others.
1, I have used since before I was married (1999). Not sure of exact year. Never had a problem. Need three more words.
1, Quick, gets me to my email so much faster than my computer.
0, I have been using Yahoo Mail on my PC for approximately 15 years. I like it because I am familiar with it. I use Microsoft Outlook at work. Comparatively, Microsoft has a better layout & I like the color of the page better. Yahoo's background page is a pink colored design & is a little distracting with the pop-up advertisements. The tool bar is a little frustrating in that you have to hover over the icons to know what the functions are. Overall, I am happy with it for home use & also that it is free.
0, Won't switch to Landscape. No Spam filter. Use Silk instead. And Yahoo, stop asking me to download your app. It's a turkey. :)
1, As described and on time .
0, Cant Download It,,As Kindle Can't Support Google Play App's,,Useless,,!!
0, I loved this app and had no complaints until it started not loading my inbox and kicking me out to the login page after loading one page (which was wrong). My account works perfectly fine on my laptop, and uninstalling and reinstalling the app has not fixed the error either. Help!!
1, another fantastic purchase from amazon love the site and the offers i find great availability and always great apps for your tablet and smartphone
1, Works as intended, no issues so far
1, Like it
1, I love this app, it has been a great way to keep up with my mail.
1, Not bad I like it
0, I like the old email a lot better than I do this new one. It is a lot slower at doing different things.
1, I'm pleased with it.
1, I absolutely love this app on my kindle so I thought it would be just as great on my phone. WRONG! On my phone this sucks but I love it on my kindle and my computer. Even though it's not very good on my phone I would highly recommend this app to anybody looking to set up an email account.
1, like it for my tablet
1, Very good
0, Works great for receiving emails. Often will not successfully send emails with an attachment.
1, This has been an improvement over my previous app. Nice appearance and clarity.
1, i like this app because i have multiple yahoo email accounts and this app lets me check and read etc all of the accounts in one place without having ot log out and back in under the different accounts separately.
1, It's a good site. I would like it better if it was easier to delete unwanted mail.
1, Email made easy
1, Always up to date!
1, I use Ymail or Yahoo mail for most of my email. Easy to use and has nice features.
1, Nothing visual.. Just.. Those Cyber fears
0, As a Yahoo mail user, I prefer using the Yahoo mail app over the default mail app installed on the Kindle Fire. It syncs up better with my Yahoo Mail account, and feels easier to navigate. The big problem is that the app is constantly freezing up on my Kindle. I can't use it without having it freeze or crash completely. It's also very slow to load the emails. I'm not sure if it's the app or the Kindle Fire, but either way it's annoying. Overall, I like it better than the default mail app on the Fire, but the freezing issue is a major problem.
0, Don't like having to go to the APP store each time I want to open e-mail. I am used to using the e -mail icon.
0, Yahoo mail is pretty much like all the other email programs. I wish it had a few more settings. One being able to delete all items on closing. The way it is now you delete emails from the inbox or wherever, then go to the deleted folder and delete them permanently. Otherwise it seems to work ok.
1, I like it easy to use.
1, I have used this app for 4 years and it works well for aneroid. I have had to reload for minor problems, but still very good.
1, I love this. Great application
1, I have re installed this after deleting in the past. Seems to be running well so far. Was able to configure the emails to display nicely.
1, It is pretty easy to get to from their Yahoo site. I like the news feed they have before signing in.
0, New Yahoo Mail is clearly inferior to previous versions. Difficult to navigate, impossible to get assistance. Efforts to get or provide input are impossible.
1, Was having trouble getting my e-mail on my tablet but now it is much easier and it helps make my life less stressed.
1, I need to access my mail and my phone is not a smart phone so this ap lets me get it on my Kindle. It's easy to use and perfect.
1, Awesome
1, I have it on my phone and added it to my new Kindle. Works great. It was very simple to set up on my Kindle.
0, I used to love it. But, too many problems with IE and frozen email these days has changed my opinion.
1, Love it
1, I really like my Yahoo mail. It is easy to use and it is in sync with my phone. I recommend this app.
1, Yahoo mail is kind of a standard so it's easily accessible on any system. I don't love the way the emails are displayed on my Kindle, but it's okay.
1, It's great ...
1, The very first social network I used. So obviously im into it and everything from it i also love.
0, easy to use and get my emails, but it's a hassle to have to delete the same emails multiple times.
0, Good
0, Still snags up every now and again. But all in all it's a decent email program. I'll continue to use it.
1, A must have for yahoo mail on a kindle fire. The mail was impossible to read before installing this app. Now it works fine.
0, Just downloaded the new app. Now I wish I hadn't. Can't find all my previous messages I hadn't deleted yet. Harder to delete all messages at one time. Have to go to unread to see new messages instead of just going to inbox. Liked the old version much better.
1, 5 stars
1, For some reason this is not as user friendly as it should be. It does not keep your contacts in alphabetical order. It seems time consuming.
1, Easy to use.
0, Commercials which can't be deleted. Each and every contact lost and unrecoverable. Do not get involved.
1, I love this app. It's just works wonderful.
0, Will not sync contacts! Please help! Not happy with this app at all! Also now having trouble on my Droid phone b/c of this update!
0, It doesn't show my images of my emails on my kindle fire dx. It used to work fine but the new update ruined everything. So frustrating. Can you fix it please.
0, It is convenient but they want access to too much info.
1, It's Yahoo Mail
1, I can reach or be reached by anyone anytime. It is a wonderful tool.
1, Works great, never have had a problem, easy to use and understand format, would recommend to friends.
1, Works and let's me check emails from my Fire HD7.
1, Working good I'm happy with it
1, I love this app on my kindle I can do everything from my lil' device. I don't have to get on our desktop it's just so nice & convenient.
1, Quick and efficient.
1, consistent service, easy to use, filters do a good job, the stationary feature is something friends always ask about, like the security checks that are done periodically.....i think you can have 3 accounts active for no charge. Aloha M
0, It opens but says I have no messages which I do and does not show any sent, draft or any folders and then keeps telling me my session expired when I signed in less than a min ago.
1, I hardly ever have a problem with Yahoo Mail and when I do I just leave it for awhile and when I go back to it than it is working fine. I have been using Yahoo for years. Sometimes it does get frustrating when I try to reply to a Yahoo Group because sometimes it only goes to one person instead of the whole group but other than that I like Yahoo.
1, LOVE IT
1, I like it but it's not the old Yahoo. I guess. Mobile means giving up some of the old ways we were use to using.
1, Works great!
1, Makes it much easier to stay connected. I am the worst at checking my email. This makes it a lot easier to keep up!
1, Have used Yahoo Mail for years. I just wished they would stop changing it. They should have a plain and simple version that remains the same for people like me who likes to be comfortable with it. Every time you change it its a traumatic experience for me and I really do not like the currant version. I don't like it on my PC and it doesn't get any better on my phone version or the Kindle. I so like the Yahoo calendar and wish it was easier to use on the Kindle...
1, I've been using Yahoo for about 15 years. I have set up a gmail account, but really prefer Yahoo's layout and organization. I haven't minded the ads on the sidebar, but recently there is an ad that looks like an email that is pinned to the top of my emails. I am someone who keeps a meticulously clean inbox and not being able to remove that without paying is getting a bit frustrating. It has made me consider switching.
1, I've used Yahoo mail for many years and have no complaints. It's very stable and I've never had a security issue. The app works well on my phone and the only issue I have is that some attachments won't open so I have to open Safari and retrieve them there.
1, Am back in the saddle again..
1, seems user friendly, quick and intuitive.
1, I have had yahoo mail since I first started with the internet. It has been reliable fast and easy to use It separates the good mail from bulk mail without deleting it, giving me the option to read it or delete it myself. It offers several folders that I can move mail to. i.e. I can save already read mail in a folder and put important mail in a special folder etc.
1, easy to set up and use...way better than others
1, Much better than Amazon Email app
1, Great app!!!! Yahoo e-mail rocks!!!
1, I use Yahoo mail for most of my email needs. The only issue I have is that recently it did an update and removed my signature, other than that I don't have any real problems with it.
1, Its OK. Getting used to it.
1, This is a great app. I use it several times a day. My one complaint is about yahoo mail in general, not the app. The view of multiple emails under one subject or thread is awful and confusing. You have to look too hard for text and data.
0, It freezes way too much. I deleted it on my Kindle. It works on my smart phone but Kindle, it's garbage.
1, This app is very easy to use an I like the setup. I think that there should be more like it.
0, Can't find a way to sign out and the app automatically keeps you signed in for two weeks.
0, I use Yahoo mail on my phone, Kindle Fire, Windows 7 and Windows 8. Many of the features that used to be available, such as going to the next message, handy icons, message forwarding (intact) and others do not work on windows 7 or work poorly in other formats. I have emailed Yahoo support for help, but have not received any response.
1, Great app
1, So far it's been easy access
1, Yahoo Mail is outstanding-I receive excellent service-I highly recommend Yahoo Mail. I can always count on them no matter what the situation!! Thanks Yahoo for everything!!
0, Have only accessed yahoo email via App for Fire phone for a couple of months: easy to use; no significant problems noted yet, within that limited timeframe
1, Love my yahoo!
1, The first time I updated this on my tablet it didn't work and was really frustrating so I took it off and reloaded on my tablet a few times and same thing. Anyways I waited a couple of weeks to update on my tablet but instead of using google I used amazon and it now works fine. Don't know if it was the site or the bugs finally got fixed.
1, .......You can talk to anyone and search without the disturbing pictures. I recommend this app for kids or teens or even preteens to tall to anyone.
0, i use bing and outlook, i feel it is better :)
1, Just what I think. Its good but has room for improvement... Maybe more features. I don't know what tho. Good luck.
0, new upgrades are horrible ~ as usual . . .they keep trying to fix what was never broken . . . yahoo classic was great, 10 years ago!
1, It'll Is great. I like it quite a bit. Makes email fun and life worth living! Go Yaho mail app!
1, I bought these as my sons gym shoes for Kindergarten and they stand out and look great!! I ended up buying a whole size larger from reading other reviews. I got them and they are a bit longer than I'd hoped, but he has 9 months to grow into them. Next time a half size increase would ne perfect. Pumas are definately made for narrower feet though, so if you have a wide footed child, I can understand ordering up a whole size. :)
1, I've had yahoo mail for more lots of years. Love it.
0, can't find the purchase date with anything logged in finance software. So not sure how I can rate whatever until I know it is something I purchased. The email just list a date, no product info?
1, Good
0, DON'T LIKE THE app for yahoo. By the way, where is the logout? Very difficult navigating when so much is hidden. Now to delete.
1, Great app. This is the best mobile version that I've used.
1, this is one awsome site.i have no problems ordering form amazon. since i have the kindle-fire. i can read my books keep them on file and can save shelf space when it comes to paper back books. and buying models on line is cheaper then going to a hobby shop. thank you .
1, Beautiful cases at reasonable prices!
1, Use it all the time. Easy access to all my email. Easy to use functions to forward, delete, send, compose, etc.
1, As good as ever!!!
0, Good app
1, This app is extremely great! Everything you want is right on your desktop. I can't complain 😊 I would recommend to a friend
1, Makes it easy to check my mail on my smart phone and tablet.
1, fast, effective, and user friendly. Two thumbs up!
1, So far getting the job done, happy with it.
0, It's okay. Nothing to get excited about, but useful.
0, My yahoo account was constantly hacked and friends/family were always telling me, "Got another one of those spam emails from you." It was very frustrating! Not to mention to try and change your password to hopefully prevent this from happening again, you have to go though all of AT&T's process. For those of us who had more then one account, this was a HUGE nightmare. I switched over to gmail and no longer have the problems I had with Yahoo.
1, Good program
1, Works good.
1, Nice not to have to use laptop for mail!
1, hard to learn to use it, but great
1, I have used yahoo mail for years and it is so convenient especially if you change computers your email remains the same.
0, This app wouldn't work with my Droid phone. I tried to sync my contacts from my yahoo email account so that I would have all my new contacts in my phone. When I checked after downloading the app and syncing the contacts I found that the app added a detail of phonetic name to the contact. This caused the list to put all of the new contacts under "F" alphabetically which didn't allow me to find needed contacts quickly. I gave to my IT person and he had to contact some tech help to discover that Yahoo and Google Speak don't play well together. I am a Public Information Officer and have to sometimes do media reports remotely and the contact list issue was unacceptable. We ended up importing all the contacts into my Google email account and then exporting them to my phone. I then had to uninstall the Yahoo email app. Work needs to be done to get these app to place nice with each other.
1, work and look great.fast shipping,
1, It’s great easy safe and fast Thanks
1, It's simple to use , color can be changed and has plenty of storage with filters . Love yahoo, security improved .
0, I like the original yahoo mail much better, please let me go back. I do NOT like. I DO NOT LIKE.
0, I get this message about 10 seconds after I log in. If I don't, it just hangs while trying to download my emails.
1, Well written and highly readable.
0, So far version 5.6.5 has been a big disappointment. Everytime I use it, the emails do not appear only the header. I clear the cache and that works for one email but the next is blank. Using on Fire 7 so maybe that is the problem.
1, I chose Yahoo because it is easy to use. I like using it because there very little interruptions, and I do recommend it to new user.
1, A great app for my email and synchronize quickly.
0, I've never had problems with this app but lately all I can do is delete as many messages as I want, but I cant actually pull up and read individual messages.
1, Takes getting used to but like it now that I have used it a few times. Marie
1, The best e_ mail I have ever used.
1, Has some issues with notifications, sending emails twice, and doesn't load on first try. Once you get used to it's idiosyncrasies, it's pretty easy to use.
1, Easy to use!
1, I like yahoo mail. Is convenient and user friendly. Very quick and easy maneuverability. Been using it for awhile now.
1, Like it.
0, The App looks good first when I downloaded, but it became so frustrated for me when I started to use it. I can't download or view any attachment from my e-mail.
0, I have found no way to block addresses at all from this app. I hate that you need to open each email in order to delete it; move it; star it; etc... The help key is of no use either. To find an answer or ask a question, you have to go around your backside to your thumb and you still wouldn't have it. It's ridiculous! The previous version was so much better and I would go back to it in a heartbeat!
0, Cumbersome and gaudy.
0, NOT HAPPY with Yahoo mail keeps freezing up or closing. Crap not happy please fix immediately!!!!!!!
0, Like others, I found the ten email viewing limit on the fire using this app aggravating, but I did find a work around. If you turn your kindle fire for a landscape view, the app will then load more emails as you scroll down. But today I uninstalled the app and will probably not reinstall it because, as happened to another reviewer, the notification system went haywire and chimed the same new email over and over. The only way to make it stop was to uninstall it. Serious bug. Also annoying was that this app would chime even when the fire was in silent mode. Yahoo needs to get the bugs out of this app before anyone would be able to enjoy using it.
0, Don't like it!
0, I use it just fine on my Android phone. Doesn't work at all on my Kindle Fire. It just freezes.
1, Easy to use and well laid out
1, Fast and easy!! That's what I need 😍
1, I use Yahoo most of the time. Like it.
1, It's awesome - I use it all the time
1, Very good.
0, lately my yahoo mail app is not giving me notifications for new mail why i dont know this needs to fixed asap!!
0, Very problematic. I have had, and frequently continue to have, multiple issues with yahjo mail on my kindlefire. I can't even begin to go into detail about these issues. Apparently I am stuck with it though if I want to keep my yahoo account. I don't know how much of this is yahoo's fault or the kindlefire's fault.
1, Have used yahoo for years never had any problems with it. I would highly recommended this to anyone and everyone
0, Installed, uninstalled, installed again does not notify you when you have emails, this is very frustrating and needs to be fixed.
1, Its all I use. Great product.
0, This app is bipolar!! Fine one minute and a complete mess than next. It constantly wants to reload! I'm getting ready to jump on-board with Gmail...
0, I hate having to use Yahoo's email app, but with all the authentication to login, they've made it impossible for me to use Yahoo email with any standard device email app. The app for the kindle fire is especially bad, it seems to work better on my Android phone. Probably half the time when I choose an email to open it doesn't load the email and only shows it to me after toggling back and forth between the inbox and the email a half dozen times. If I'm reading an email and leave the app for any reason (like to click a link), when I return, if I've received any new messages, it doesn't go back to the email I was reading but instead thinks I always want to read my fifth email or whatever it was when I originally opened it. It also just periodically freezes and crashes. As one of its last loyal users, why does Yahoo keep giving me reasons to switch to gmail?
0, I didn't care for it every time you want to check your email you have to receive a code by text message? to me this seems to be a waste of time.
1, Works great easy to use.
1, Way Better Than Gmail. They Don't Pretend To Lose Your Email Account Of You Don't Use It For A eek Or Two. And, They Don't Say That Your Password Isn't Your Password!
0, I have entered two reviews today about your practice of extorting money for services that you are trying to get money from me. In both cases I have brought up cases to explain to me,they are unfair policys, that I feel are important. I did not buy this kindle fire to be taken advantage of.My questions are just and fair to any and all consumers of your product. If I pay my electric bill, I expect to be able to use ALL OF THE ELECTRIC POWER I WILL USE,NOT JUST ONE ITEM THAT USES ELECTRIC POWER.This is a complaint against your practices. If I do not have the use of all of my apps,then I feel that I should have a kindle fire that works correctly with out dunning me to purchase more apps that I should already have to work correctly work without problems trying to use MY KINDLE FIRE. ALLOW ME THE ANSWERS ON LINE,so I and others know what they are up against for their KINDLEFIRE TO WORK WITHOUT ADDING MORE PROGRAMS that they need. Paul S Marrs. Paulmarrs245@yahoo.com
1, one of the best apps
1, Can integrate My AT&T mail with gmail and Outlook mail accounts no problem. Sending attachments stems from which email address you use in the 'from' category
1, I m truly impressed with this product. It works well with my tablet and so easy to use. Need not second guess downloading this app.
1, Prompt.What else can you ask for?
0, Liked the previous (sbcglobal email,) don't like the yahoo mail. Why the switch?
1, I like Yahoo mail.
0, MjI like my old email app better
1, Love it. Works just like my computer version.
1, Have not used upgraded version yet
0, Classic version was better. I have attemped switch back to the classic with no success. Cannot send email or attach files. Yahoo really sucks!
1, I prefer this over the app. That came with my device.
1, I check it every day, and it is my prime way of communicating with friends, as I prefer it to talking on the phone. Lately, my inbox has had the listing in dark blue, which I don't like. I prefer it to be white, like my e-mails. All in all, I think Yahoo Mail is doing a great job. Thanks!
1, Great. Hard to navigate through the books, but great.
0, to many bugs and that grouping message crap never goes away not to mention that the emails never seem to load
1, I Love that I can get my email on my tablet.
0, like the new ui, cleaner with better functionality. However, still has one major bug, crashes anytime I try to delete messages. hopefully a fix is on its way.
1, I really have no use for anyhing fancy. I'm retired and only use email for family and paying bills. It fits my needs and more than happy with it.
1, So easy to use!
0, I used to like my Yahoo mail...then they started putting all those little pictures next to each email and for my picture they keep posting a photo of someone else. Plus they string all the emails from a person together in a confusing manner.after 9 years of Yahoo mail I think.I will switch to gmail
1, Yahoo mail is okay on my Kindle Fire to check and see who I got mail from, but words are too small for me to read the actual email.
0, I don't like it. I have had problems with my email ever since I installed it. I am having trouble combining with gmail.
1, I am very pleased with this apps it has done everthing I wanted and more. I would recommend this to family and friends.
0, Suddenly doesn't recognize password. Won't let you reset password. Says can't do it must go to help. At help won't accept user name, phone number, email address or other email address, complete dead end. Finally found phone number. After half hour wait, service rep got on. He couldn't hear me so called back. Told me to go to computer and close all programs. I said wait a minute while I do that, will be right back. When I got back, had been "disconnected". He didn't call me back, I gave up. My only problem is I need to sign in to access a yahoo group I belong to. I don't care about the mail any more since long ago I switched to one of the better email providers. It is really odd that one can't reset password simply as is the case with every other site I have ever encountered. Yahoo is the worst technically of anything I have ever encountered - amazing they still exist! PS- I even tried to open a new account just to see what would happen. They said I can't because I already have an account!! So they do know I have an account, even though they won't recognize my password, phone number, or any recovery information. Total dead end.
1, I have been a yahoo customer since the mid 90''s.
1, No complaints. They do keep you notified at all times.
0, Yucky ! I greatly dislike the way emails are seen. You can not just go down the list and choose multiple ones to delete, have to do each and every email. Change it back please.
1, I love yahoo email on my computer and would rate it a 5, but I have some problems with it on my Kindle Fire. There are issues with deleting emails.
1, This is an easier way to access my email.
1, I signed up with Yahoo email first. Their app keeps you signed in and notified me of who sent what. Great convenience!
1, I have had yahoo mail for years. Always liked it.we
1, Awesome organized hassle free
1, This is the easiest and most user friendly of ALL email applications!
1, Good app
1, Like very much
1, I like Yahoo because it is always refining its look and image. I have never had a problem with them, and I've been a member of the Yahoo community for a very long time.
0, Half of the time I can't even open my mail or see the images with this app. IT REALLY SUCKS!!
1, This version is much easier to use and I love the themes, keep up the good job Yahoo/Amazon!
0, I don't like having to click every email to delete it. I miss your old page that had a "check all" button. If I could go back I would!
1, just keeps getting better. They update and keep up with the technology. That sure makes my life easier. Just one less thing to struggle with
0, I dosen't work good it is very slow
1, Easy to use. Let's me check my mail and send mail from my kindle. Great app, very helpful! Highly recommend!
0, The app was ok at best when it worked. for some reason would never allow me to quick check addresses. Now it keeps saying me session has expired and must reenter the password.
0, I have yet to be able to see my email since the app updated. It is eternally "checking for mail."
1, Loaded it while on vacation and I love it. Easy to use and ultra functional. Great tool for my travel companion reader.
1, This app works great! Haven't had any problems with it and you can even delete old emails. This comes in handy when I don't have my computer around or if I just need to check it really quick
0, Yahoo mail does not work well on a Kindle. It kept hanging up and I couldn't get any current emails. I finally called mayday and they reset the original email app and deleted the Yahoo app for me.
1, Great app.
0, The search feature doesn't let you tag and delete selected messages,but it's good for catching up on your email. So there's that.
1, This is a handy apparently to have, it sure makes it easier to get to my E-mail, and I am very satisfied that Amazon made it available at no cost, thank you
0, As with the sports app, it would not connect to their server. I have these apps on my iphone and ipad and they work well. Not sure what the problem is with these apps. I'm not familiar with the Fire's OS so there may be a setting that needs adjusting.
0, UPDATES FIX ONE THING AND SEEM TO BREAK TWO. WISH MOBILE DEVICES WOULD STICK TO DESKTOP INTERFACE, AND JUST CLEAN UP THE THEME.
0, I don't like the new app. Want the old one back.
1, EASY TO ACUIRE E-MAILS BUT HARD TO SELECT CORRECT MANAGEMENT BUTTONS AND EDIT E-MAILS AS YOU ARE READING THEM ANYTIME
0, I would love to be able to use this to check my mail, however it shuts down unexpectedly or just doesn't open far more than it actually works. It's completely annoying, but I haven't found another app to use that will do Yahoo mail.
1, This is a great app for my daughter. She can access her emails correctly without problems or connection issues. Thank you.
0, When you have a working poduct leave it alone. Don't try tp "improve" it by making it more "viewer friendly". If the end line consumer is really using the product they will take the time to sign in and use the product as it was originally intended. Shortcuts aren't always what they are advertised to be.
1, Nice
1, I like the fact that I can move emails to specific folders. The biggest drawback that I have found is in forwarding. I always delete other people's email addresses when forwarding. However, I find that I am unable to do that from my Kindle Fire HD. I am left holding off forwarding it until I can get back to a computer.
0, Won't let me delete emails from my inbox! Yahoo mail apps fail on every device I own. Really stupid, it's time to get it together Yahoo!!!!
1, GREAT APP!!
1, This app makes your Yahoo email look EXACTLY like your email on your computer. It's virtually the same process when you read, file or delete your emails.
1, I think I will like it more once I get used to it.
1, YAAAAAZ SO LOVE IT'S EASY TO USE 😊
1, I love yahoo email on my computer and would rate it a 5, but I have some problems with it on my Kindle Fire. There are issues with deleting emails.
1, Good, great, grand, wonderful...
1, Use regularly for my email. Love it. I like that you can change the background to darker. That way when i check my email at night my retinas are scorched out by the full white background. Thank you for no longer blinding me.
1, The best e-mail ever
0, I keep having trouble loging on
1, This Yahoo mail works great for me. so try it out and see. they are working on a new app.
1, Yahoo lol
1, This was my first E-Mail account a zillion years ago. It has changed so much, and become a more user friendly with each update. I like the added layers of security. I don't fear hacking as much. I have other E-mails, but this one is still the one I use most.
1, Works as stated
0, Does not load or show up on my kindle. Says it is, but doesnt load.
1, Serves my purpose
1, It is what you expect. 😃
1, Great!
1, love it my best email
0, Don't like the changes they have made, but I mostly use it for storage.
1, The yahoo mail free email app is good. It is quick and e easy.
1, great service. no problems
1, ...is that it's better than the the actual Yahoo webpage email. Easier to use and just as quick to manage even faster. I don't bother with my email on the computer now I just deal with the mail on my kindle.
1, So much easier
1, Works pretty good on my Kindle. I had to uninstall & re-install to get it working properly. Does the job.
1, Thank you.
1, Works fine. I'm going to have to get used to using it on the Kindle - it's different than on the computer.
1, My favorite mail program.
1, Fantastic, wonderful, easy to use, gives me a lift everyday, could not live without using it often, thanks this app is amazing.
1, For those faithful users of Yahoo, I'm happy to say that you'll be very pleased with this app. Easy to use and access. Thus far I've had no problems (have had over 2 years).
1, Good app
1, Good connection
1, I love how quick I can access my mail, and how quick I can delete unwanted mail just by picking up my Kindle.
1, This app makes checking email easier and quicker. I can now go threw my email in a matter of minutes.
1, I love getting promotional adds from the companies I purchase from.
1, I did not like the new format at first. Once I learned about the changes I ended up liking them. Thank goodness for pop ups that let me know how to do a couple of the things I struggled with.
1, I Love this App as it notifies me that I have email on my kindle fire. It doesn't interfere with other apps I have open. The only thing I would suggest for new users is an identification process for the icons : forwarding, reply, also the arrow at the top to let people know it goes to menu for in box, delete, sent etc. Other than that all seems smooth.
0, Using this app isn't much better than simply going through a browser to the yahoo website to check my mail. I would say that it is unresponsive about half of the time, so I have to close the app and reopen it a couple of times for it to work. The rest of the time the app takes a long time to load. So, not really worth installing at the moment.
1, I like the ease of getting to my mail. I hate getting so many
0, I downloaded this app on my kindle fire about 3 years ago and had no complaints until 6 months ago when trying to log in, I got a message that read"session has expired." I haven't been able to log into my email from this app since then. I have the same app on my android phone and it works great, but useless on my kindle fire. I am giving it 1 star for effort.
1, good
0, I wish i could give it zero. Ive been trying to recover an old account for 4 years. I just found out they have been using the info for the wrong account this whole time, i have emails showing that i asked for a certain account. They dont answer the questions you ask when you email them. No one is trying to cut me some slack for there mistake. Poor customer service. Put things in all caps as if im bothering them.
1, I like this app. It is very convenient and simple.
0, It became a huge problem and I had to delete it. Yahoo itself is not a great mail server.
1, This app does just what I need it for.
1, Good
0, There are two issues that need to be fixed for this to be a decent mail app: 1. Delete multiple emails at once from the Inbox There is no way to check off multiple emails from the Inbox view and delete them. The closest you can get is to press and hold on an individual email, then delete it from the menu that shows up. This makes deleting multiple emails an unnecessarily slow process. 2. Auto-refresh Inbox after deleting emails I don't mind only seeing 10 emails at once in the Inbox, but what is annoying is when I delete messages they leave empty spaces behind in the Inbox. To get older emails to take the spot of the newly deleted emails you have to refresh your Inbox. This should happen automatically after deleting emails.
1, I am used to it U
1, Packages came when they were promised. Getting them on Sunday was nice, but I didn't need them that day.
1, Very stable email app and user friendly.
0, I have used it on other devices, but just downloaded it on my kindle. It will not let me log on. It tells me my password is incorrect. It is definitely the right password. Something is not working. Works on all my other devices but not my kindle.
1, Love that it's right on my tablet and that I don't have to go through yahoo to get my mail!
1, Works well for me.
0, Works ok
1, Fast & simple!
1, Always lets me know when i have an email, so easy to use!! I use it on my Kindle Fire!!!
0, I would give it more stars but you can't sign out of your mail account. I even uninstalled it and when I log into yahoo it goes straight to my mail. Its not very safe. Anyone could access your account. I always sign out of my mail. You can't be too safe now-a-days.
1, Unfortunately someone continuously is able to hack my contacts and sending random ads in my name.
1, I have used yahoo for a long time so that is why i wanted it on my kindle and i have enjoyed it very much.
1, It works great. Much easier to access folders and move emails. The extra security it provides makes me feel more comfortable in using my email from a tablet.
0, No manual refresh. It automatically goes to the next email and marks it read, etc. Even the simplest email apps can do those things and have for years. But I need the contacts because I've been using yahoo mail since inception. But since yahoo develops it, I will expect to have to wait and year for even one option. All other devs might take a day or 2
1, great
1, I love it!!!
1, The Kindle has been amazing and all of the apps I've downloaded so far have been great. NO download issues ever.
1, I love it because I can check my mail whenever I need to. It helps me keep up width friends.
1, The app is really fast only thing I don't like is each time I open the app it's asking to enable location based services, I don't want that.
1, Little Baby Lydia: Grandpa, Grandma and Student Mom, Saga of Family Role Reversal and the New Times Front Cover OLIVER OSITA. AKAMNONU Akamnonu Associates Incorporated, Feb 13, 2018 - 228 pages 1 Review A medical student is torn between having a baby and pursueing a career. She decides in favor of having a baby. She is faced with the arduous task of combining her new situation with the demands of her studies. With the baby's father thousands of miles across the Atlantic, embattled grandparents relearn a trade to save a nearly-disastrous situation What people are saying My review - Edit review Review of ‘Little Baby Lydia’ Reviewed by Prof Ndu Eke The author, Dr Oliver Akamnonu is a close secondary school contemporary. He has always displayed a proficiency in the liberal arts. The secondary school we attended, Government Secondary School, Afikpo, was science oriented. The graduates invariably went on to study Engineering, Medicine or the pure sciences. Dr Akamnonu was no exception. He studied medicine and went on to specialize in anaesthesiology before returning to his endowed vocation in the liberal arts as a master story teller. I have co-authored some three novels with him. On his own, he has published over 20 books Dr Akamnonu’s books are based on reality. For legal niceties, he writes on real events but with imaginary casts. The book, ‘Little Baby Lydia’ comes from the same stable. True to character, ‘Little Baby Lydia’ belongs to an emerging generation of immigrants in which families are separated by circumstances predicating survival in hostile circumstances. Lydia was conceived in such circumstances. The mother was in pursuit of the Golden Fleece. For this, she had to leave her husband in their native country while she was pregnant. Her parents had earlier immigrated to God’s own country. This had become the Mecca of many fleeing economic deprivation, civil rights abuses or, more often, wanton insecurity challenges. The choice often was not easy to make. The author has arranged this anecdote in 26 easy-to-read chapters for easy assimilation by readers. The chapters run from the circumstances of conception through emigration as a foetus to birth and early stages of childhood. Readers can easily appreciate the story because it depicts everyday experiences of many. Essential details are included in this odyssey, from pregnancy through labour to parturition. Parts of the narrative are spiced with humor, a trademark of the author. The baby sitter, Mama Titi is a case in point This book will serve all cadres of readers, from the secondary school students to young adults especially those wanting to raise a family and to prospective parents and grandparents. The emphasis on safety precautions in the home with little babies is elaborated. Community babysitting that was in vogue in indigenous communities has been alluded to. It certainly served a purpose. Unfortunately, the prevailing individualistic way of life in indigenous communities militates against it. The book ‘Little Baby Lydia’ raises no anxieties except the short moment Lydia was held by a combination of mouse glue trap and furniture. As obviously deliberately contrived, this lack of anxiety is a great advantage to grandparents as well as student-moms all of who would need no further anxieties. The title of the book was aptly crafted and the many hand-drawn interior images were added relaxation. All is well that ends well as the reader of this amazing poetry-spiced life odyssey looks forward to “Little Baby Lydia” to be continued. Ndubuisi Eke, MB ChB, FRCS, FWACS; FICS Urological Surgeon and Dr Melford Graham-Douglas Professor of Paediatric Surgery University of Port Harcourt Bibliographic information QR code for Little Baby Lydia Title Little Baby Lydia: Grandpa, Grandma and Student Mom, Saga of Family Role Reversal and the New Times Author OLIVER OSITA. AKAMNONU Publisher Akamnonu Associates Incorporated, 2018 ISBN 194090918X, 9781940909189 Length 228 pages Export Citation About Google Books - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service - Blog - Information for Publishers - Report an issue - Help - Sitemap - Google Home
1, I love it!!! I love the color themes, they have dark purple with dark background! Easy on the eyes. Easy to use,too!
0, It's okay. But I liked checking off several at a time to delete if needed.
1, The App version is very user friendly. Too many adds on desktop version that slow it down. Some recent security issues as well that make one wonder if they will be vulnerable in the future.
1, Love the app. I can navigate through it very easily. Recommend to anyone who has a yahoo acct.
1, The case fit my S9 with a Spigen case perfect it is all leather and is very high quality if you need a belt case get one of these.
1, I am enjoying this app and I like the format of this app. 💗👍
1, Always works - like email should.
0, works. Like it better than outlook.
1, Convenient but dose use up a good chunk of memory on my kindle.
0, Yahoo Mail. I got this for a friend who needed to use my 1st generation Kindle Fire for email. Originally, the 1st generation Kindle Fire supported a number of email providers. Now, it only supports a few, so an app was needed. It saves her from having to go to the Web to check her mail, which can be annoying if you're waiting for a specific email. My original email settings still work, so I don't need an app - yet.
0, App worked great on my kindle fire BEFORE the upgrade now I cannot even use it, it doesn't load, forcloses when it does just horrible. please fix
0, Yahoo mail and my Samsung android do not work well.
1, I am happy that I can read then move on as slow or as fast as I want. I just like it.
0, On my Amazon fire, it shows the emails are there but when you try to open them you just get a blank screen. It will not display the contents of the email. If you log out and go back in, sometimes the first email you try to open will display but then any after that will be blank screens. Very frustrating, does not work. I believe this to be more of an issue between yahoo and the Fire tablet as I can open the emails on my phone without any issues.
1, It works just like you would expect it to. I've found this app to work flawlessly! it even works better than the app on my phone.
1, I love it. I am not super computer savy but this app is very easy to navigate. I recommend it to anyone.
1, It's works goods.no problem so far. Would recommend trying it..
1, LOVE IT
1, I can check my mail and have the option to not have my phone notified which I utilize, thank you!
1, Convenient but did not allow me to create password.
1, Excellent features, EASY notification setup on my phone Love It!
0, Kept telling me Y has stopped. Could not get mail.
0, You will be letting yahoo Have access to a lot of your personal information. Stay away from this app.
0, Works better logging in from the internet. Won't load pictures that were recieved.
1, It's a great addition to my Kindle Fire. I was able to import all of my email list, and can use it wherever I can access WiFi. It's great on vacations. Works well. No problems as yet.
0, In trying to become Google Mail, Yahoo has lost its simplicity. If I wanted Google Mail, I would use one of my three Google Mail accounts. I understand change is inevitable and can be good. But the journey getting to whatever the destination is has been terrible. Here are some of the glitches and annoyances that are hindering my user experience. The preview panes don't work well. When I set my preference for "side preview", it doesn't get saved or the side preview option goes away. Then it comes back. Then it goes away. Yahoo dumped my in box (which I use as a to do list) and it hasn't been recovered. When I go into an email and delete it, I go back to the email list rather than to the next email. The themes are all so dark they're almost unusable. Email threads get mixed up with each other, particularly if you don't have a title on it. The latest glitch is that when you it respond to an email by simply hitting the respond button (while in the mail list, rather than double clicking through to the email), you can't see what you're typing. I see an indicator that there are email in my in-box, how I have to refresh the in-box to receive them.
0, When it works, it's fine. Unfortunately, it often doesn't work, and Yahoo keeps making it worse...and worse...and worse...
0, i could not send e-mail without getting this app. I now have three copys of all my contacts without a way to delete them, hense the rating.
1, Very good. It is easy to get to my email.
0, New Yahoo is not as good as old Yahoo Mail. Not as many options on text. More frequent hang ups with sending, receiving, and even displaying my calendar.
0, How do you logoff?? The help is no help. I am forced to use it because I use yahoo mail on my Microsoft windows desktop and laptop.
0, Shuts down even after uninstalled and reinstalled. Ugh! It happens more often then not. Not a happy camper with this app.
1, I use it constantly!
1, Easy to use! One touch app opens all your email. No mess no fuss, quick and simple, saves time when checking email, starts instantly.
0, When it works, is great but it constantly freezes and crashes. Half the time it won't even open! Please fix.
1, I use this to keep of my orders and it does everything I could ever want. I would recommend it.
1, It is clear, easy to read and manage the options jhefb fhohfo oof o fooff 4fppf fpp fp p 4fi
1, Awesome now with the updates for mobile devices. Love to send pics with ease
1, Have my age I love it it's easy to receive and it's easy to read an easy to delete I think it's great
0, I have installed, uninstalled, reinstalled etc repeatedly. If I have email and,tap to open the email, it opens. If I want to access Yahoo Mail and there is no email in it, I repeatedly get a Y has stopped. It's definately not been a reliable app for me. The point is...if you want reliability and no complications in an app, I can't recommend it to you. I've found it to be one of the rare apps that has proved extremely frustrating instead of a chosen favorite.
1, Great app. I use it all the time. Works great on the kindle.
0, Only thing I can't figure out is how to empty trash without swiping each individual email.
1, I have problems with my tablet trying to get yahoo as it is seemingly fixed on google .
1, Quick at a glance info on notification screen helps you to never miss an important email again!
1, Love love love it. So much easier!!
0, It keeps using battery, drains it very quickly
1, Great
0, Sometimes right on target other times . Some prefer the app to be available all times and others do not . Can't please everyone . Stops working for no apparent reason frequently . More now than ever in the past . I've been using Yahoo mail for personal and business four 10 and 15 years respectively .
0, Screwed up my email! Everyday I get numerous emails "login access denied" for an old yahoo address I had over 10 years ago and haven't used since! I have deleted yahoo mail app from both droids and this continues. I've checked, but it appears I can't delete the old address without deleting my current yahoo address too . . . And that's a problem for me. Anyone have any solutions? Yahoo sure doesn't!
1, I use this app many times a day. It was so easy to set up and I get everything I need out of it. This is something that should come on every kindle. I do not recall any kind of errors or even a crash. I think that all developers should follow this example. Good work!
1, I love Spotify. I have the premium so I can listen to it off line. To me it is well worth the $10.00 a month. If you like to listen to your music that you pick this is the best. Hope this helps.
1, I am very pleased with this product. It makes staying informed easier.
1, I've had Yahoo app for ever and ever and ever. Great site
0, I absolutely hate all the commercials that come on the whole time I am on my mail. It is obnoxious and I turn off the sound and close them everytime. I think this is the worst thing that Yahoo has ever done. I am so tired of the interruptions of ad choice and am now using Gmail for a more peaceful experience. Yahoo is no longer a good choice for mail.
1, I love it.I can Read my E- mail so much Better and now that I have it on my Kindle it is Really nice.
0, I installed this APP for my Kindle Fire 8.9" HD. The messages are displayed, everything looks great. But...when I open a message, I don't see the e-mail text. Don't know why that is. I don't have time for this XXX. Life is just too short. I deleted the APP from my Kindle and from my Cloud.
1, I have had Yahoo for a very long time. Easy 15+ years. I have had not one issue in all this time. I would like to thank Yahoo for their dedication to making their service so user friendly. I hope to enjoy Yahoo services for many more years to come.
1, I was using the K9 I was using the K9 mail program on my android tablet but it won't let me create and send emails it only receive them. This works just like Yahoo Mail does when I'm using Internet Explorer.
0, there's not a way to get to the next page of emails, when I read that on a review I thought they could delete emails to get more emails. you cant delete emails on this app and you can't put your emails in folders too. I'm very disappointed.
1, No problems ever getting my mail on my Kindle Fire HD. On my laptop or desktop I have run into issues trying to open my mail, for "who knows why," but this is the best mail app.
1, It is great being able to get my email while I was in the hospital. It was pretty easy to navigate.
1, Slightly confusing on multiple accounts. I have a few questions.
0, I found this app so frustrating on K-Fire, got it because Yahoo classic refused to work. Very sorry I made this choice, so much time wasted trying to write or edit, absolutely maddening with quirks like punctuation disappearing mid-word.
1, This has a lot of features that the original APP doesn't have. It works very nicely. I use the original as a backup.
1, Makes it easy to keep track of my e-mail.
0, What the heck Yahoo! This app used to work just fine, albeit a little slow, but in the last several months it's like it traveled back in time to the '90s. Every little action takes For. Ever. Fix it!!! I don't have that kind of time.
1, I love this app, saves me having to use my lap top to view my emails
1, LIKE YAHOO A LOT
1, Good
1, It is amazing I recommend it to all. It is always reliable.
1, Just started using this account and so far very happy with it. I do have to add all my contacts, etc. so hopefully all will go smooth and then I can give it a five star rating.
0, checking your email on the actual web site is.so much more person friendly. I can only check a limited amount of emails. even to delete more I have to come out of the app and go back in. :(
0, My app doesn't work, etc. TU
1, Easy access. User friendly!
1, I put on my Kindle and it works great.
1, The update made this app ten times better. I actually use it on a daily basis.
0, they need to eliminate the ADS and also work harder to filter SPAM emails.
1, Gee, I don't remember 'buying' my Yahoo.Mail which I have used since 1999 from Amazon, so what's up? Why am I reviewing it here?
1, Works great! Love it!
1, So far I'm very pleased with Yahoo mail. It works great on my Kindle Fire and I'm really pleased to have it.
1, Had used an earlier version on my original kindle fire. I found it easier to use the browser. Finally tried the app and found it to work as expected. l usually see my mail on other devices but I can find no reason not to use this app.
1, only two negative comments: 1) doesn't save contacts, which really is a bummer; 2) it keeps loading emails. all else is good.
1, Now I can keep up with my emails instead of failing behind a few hundred or so. I can't believe how on top of them I am now.
0, The new format is NOT user friendly. It's hard to find the next email. The thread is too compact, etc etc. ugh!
1, It does what it is suppose to do, I have no complaints about it, it is a good app that checks yahoo email.
0, PREFER YAHOO email
0, ok!
1, like it
1, On my fourth kindle in the last four years. This app is improving
1, I really like this app. The font is great, and access to folders and settings is easier than what I previously had.
1, Love this app . My yahoo that I can take anywhere and have. Can check all my e-mails and it alerts me to new e-mails.
0, I used to enjoy using mail but since it changed its format, it no longer works for me. I have now set up a Gmail account and am very happy with it, especially the lack of spam. I rate Yahoo mail a dismal one star at this time.
1, like it
1, I have four separate e -mails to check. Loads quick and I can move between files and other address ...I love this on my kindle fire.
1, This app on my Kindle Fire makes checking my e-mail so much easir than having to fire up the computer every time. I love that I can respond and delete emails. Every function available on my computer is available here.
1, Wonderful truly like the partnering
1, I liked how customer service navigated my fire to help me with this issue
1, I use it all the time.
1, They just get better and better!
1, Love Yahoo Mail. I have been using it for a long time, and always found it very reliable and user-friendly. However, I love the new and improved version of it.
0, If they didn't insert sponsored ads at the top of my inbox I might consider using this app, but for now I prefer the email app that came with my Amazon fire tablet.
1, The format, new or old, always works well and is easy on my eyes. It's easy to navigate and always reliable no matter which device I use to access my account. Good job, Yahoo! Keep up the consistency.
1, I like being able go access my mail from my mobile device. It makes it convenient when l don't have easy access to my computer.
0, It doesn't work on the Kindle Fire, at least. It keeps telling me I have no messages, when I know that's not true. I uninstalled it and went in through the Silk browser instead.
1, Nice
1, Program works as expected. It's handy to have for my tablet, so I don't have to constantly access the web portal to check my mail.
1, I think this works so much better than the old yahoo mail app. It is easy to access and the notifications are so much better. Thank you yahoo.
1, Not really sure why all the bad reviews...works great on my Kindle Fire....I can scroll through all of my emails at once, and it loads with no issues. Works just as well on my Samsung Fascinate.
0, small print . cannot seem to enlarge. defer to pc to use.
0, after years of using my Yahoo account to send emails to accounts with an apostrophe in the email address, now this "updated" version of the app now tells me that any email with an apostrophe is an invalid address. this is false. fix it. fix it fix it already. This is a kindergarten coding issue. Hire a 10 year old to write you the correct code
1, I know other people with other emails and believe me this one is the best. Yahoo mail does so many things I wish everyone would give it a try
0, not as convenient as other apps
1, This is an amazing app when I got Yahoo mail I was super excited to look for and app on my kindle you can get ur mail super fast.
1, Great
1, Excellent
1, Good purchase does what yahoo claims. I used Amazon to help install Yahoo Mail on my Kindle Fire. Like this product. As I said good product and good purchase.
0, When it works, it works like it should. However last two weeks there must have been a glich and unable to connect to mobile work email which caused additional issues.
1, email on the go at my finger tips
1, I was having trouble getting my older Kindle Fire set up with my yahoo e mail address. This ap (which was free), did the job perfectly and quickly.
1, I get around my email with ease. I like how it syncs quickly with my other devices (desktop). The only problem I have it there are two infinate outgoing emails...???? They are not on my desktop, just my kindle. weird.
1, Use all the time ,as good as I need
1, I have been using Yahoo Mail over 10 years and I s till love if
1, Yahoo has been my email for years and I love the app and how it sync's to the pc also when I go from one to the other.
0, Not usable for me... No way to logout of my yahoo mail account...
1, DOWNLOADED THE APP ON MY KINDLE FIRE HD. NOW WHEN I WANT TO CHECK MY YAHOO EMAIL, I DONT HAVE TO GO TO MY LAPTOP. I HAVE IT RIGHT ON MY TABLET AS A BACKUP..
1, This works WAAAY easier than the email app that comes with Kindle Fire. And it remembers my password like the regular Yahoo email does. Yep, NICE!
1, It works better than any other email app that I've used. No, it's not perfect, but it does make me want to use Yahoo mail more often than other email options.
1, I've been using Yahoo mail for years. I'm very happy with it and will probably continue to. Yahoo, keep up the good work!
0, I love the ability to manage multiple accounts without the inconvenience of logging in and out. Wish the app wouldn't crash-close so often though. Overall better than my other option.
1, Works fine and does what you'd need it too. works on Kindle Fire 1st Gen. pictuers are easy to see and download. Enjoy!!
1, Best way to get your e-mail away from a computer. Looks great, easy to use, with all the advantages Yahoo gives you.
1, I love being able to get my messages instantaneously & to be able to move our delete them when I want to.
1, OK just wished there wasn't so much advertising.
1, App is great, always available, and easy to use.
1, I received acknowlement of my order right away.I was just coming home from surgery and my daughter asked if I had ordered any reading material I responed no.She placed the order for me and received the books on my Kindle with in minutes.
0, Although it worked well initially, it has proven very buggy and freezes more often than not. It sometimes shuts down unexpectedly. Can be somewhat unreliable.
1, I !ove the format. It is trendy and nice to look at. Very easily accessed.
1, Very easy to use. Took all of 5 minute to figure out how to navigate and a few minor adjustments to what I'm used to. So much faster than pc and laptop.
1, I use Yahoo daily. It is my favorite site for checking mail and getting my news updates. The main thing I don't care for is having to watch an ad before I get to the story.
0, There is admin mail for over a year posted every day. I have to spend a week to erase it all.
0, Slow
0, The app constantly crashes and now it will not work at all. Very, very annoying and very poor customer service.
1, Great site thankyou ennjoy connecting. To my favorite. Sites with Yahoo. Fun a waits when your on Yahoo.BEST SITE. TRUELY ENJOY.
0, It does what it should. It is an email app and there's not a lot more too it. It works and does what it is suppose too.
1, I totally love this app!!! It is one of the best apps I have ever got!!!You can keep in touch with your bffs when ever you want and I don't usually rated apps but this one is amazing!!! 50000000 stars from me!!!
1, UPDATE: after the most recent update, the app did not function correctly anymore. HOWEVER, upon reading other reviews, I noticed one that said to uninstall & reinstall... THIS WORKED FOR ME. No more issues since uninstalling & reinstalling after the update. Unlike the mail app included with the kindle fire by default this app includes all the normal functionality as accessing Yahoo through web browser. Good free app
0, Easier to go to the web for Yahoo Mail on Silk.
1, I have used Yahoo from it's beginning. Had my sign on stolen, &#34;joi &#34; found another, not what I wanted. But have not been happy with the, changes, to classic yahoo. I have many friends who are just learning the old Yahoo, when they changed. They almost gave up I know I and others, wrote to Yahoo to change it back, or give them the option to keep classic. So far they have. I agree the new Yahoo look sucks. The service it still great.
1, great way to keep up with BBs
1, WHAT CAN I SAY IT DOES WHAT IT IS SUPPOSED TO DO EMAIL PEOPLE AND EMAIL THEM ONLY PERIOD ZIP FINAL SORRY I USED CAPS I. THIS REVIEW BUT IM NOT ABOUT TO ERASE ALL OF THIS
1, Wprks.
0, Has crashed my tablet a few times too.
1, I like it. I was sceptical at first but not anymore. Worth it. I like how it chimes through. It's neat. I would recommend it.
1, This is a great app. I have never had any problems with Yahoo.
1, I really like this app! easy to use, quick and hassle free! I would reccomend this app to my family and friends!
1, Great
1, Satisfied, have not mastered yet.
1, Works seamlessly between my phone, tablet, and laptop. No problems with this app. When I first downloaded it I had to turn off audible notifications through settings but that was painless.
1, Easiest to use email. Have been using Yahoo mail for many years and am satisfied with it. Enjoy it, y'all.
1, A good ap.
0, Most time it not letting me log in. Problems retrieving email previously sent.
1, I love a lot of the new features.
1, This a great app for the Kindle Fire. It opens e-mails fully. It's nice to not have to download the e-mail repeatedly.
1, On computer must sign in, assure them I am not "feeling geeky",request help to acess my mail, then try to get actual messages out of "spam file". Amazon app just gives me my mail and lets me read it. Easy to delete after I've read it as well.
0, Haven't used this app in a while but I used to hear a notification every time I got new mail. Doesn't even show up in the status bar : /
1, Sensational! I must say that I have been using Yahoo for years and I have zilch problems. Thanks Yahoo! Love the new lay outs.
1, It is awesome . You can do a lot of stuff
1, It easy to use
0, they will not remove ads from right side will evenfully drop them all together they were warned but reply with bs
1, Like having the yahoo mail app on my android tablet! Glad i was able to get it from amazom too. As far as yahoo mail itself, i hate it. Cannot stand yahoo anymore since they made so many changes.
0, It will not let me in even after I put in my yahoo password that I use on my computer. I was using the net when it just went off of my kindle fire. whats with that?????
1, I installed this on an MP3 and have quick easy access to my mail when I am travelling. This is easier than I thought and I am very pleased with it.
1, Accdently deleated my app, depend on it, had to have it back!
0, Slow. You're better off using the native email app for android. that was my experience. What more can I say? :D
1, I think it works Just fine not the beast though but u will risk ur chances and I don't use my phone slot but its ok
1, I have Yahoo Mail on my Android phone. I find it easier to organize and manage my email accounts on Yahoo Mail, and I'm gtateful I can finally install it on my Kindle.
0, This is the new version of Yahoo mail and it has glitches. Sometimes it deletes sometimes not. Sometimes it skips in reading a message sometimes not. Sometimes you click on an email and it erases it when you just wanted to open.
1, AAAAAHFHGJ
1, I love that I can check my Yahoo from my kindle but I can't seem to figure out how to put in contacts from this device or access my existing contact. I wish someone would give me a tutorial for this app.
1, Didnt give it 5 stars because there are annoying ad banners which get in the way of your inbox sometimes
1, Couldn't live without this app.
1, Best app ever. Makes it so convenient not to have to go to my office to check email. Love it.
1, Yahoo is the best I have always used it since I been an adult and have always been happy with it
1, The best
1, Great product
1, Fast & easy path to my emails!
1, it is pretty good and easy to use but when I click on a address to send an e-mail all my contacts appear and block the page so I don't know whether it is sending to all those addresses or just the one in the send window.
1, No comment.
0, This mail is slow, unreliable, and does not live up to its promises. I have tried to block several senders, but still et their mail. It takes several minutes for the mai to come up. And when I try to delete, I can only delete a few to the trash before I get a message, " Unable yo complete task."
0, I tried reloading it 3 times and it stillnwon't open. It worked well.fornawhile then one it updated and would not work right.
1, This apply works VERY well on my kindle fire. It is a very nice app. Useful and dependable! I use this app everyday and suggest you do to!
0, Cannot get it to open. Seems that the app is SNAFU.
0, I do not like the layout of the new Yahoo mail at all. I hope they fix it back to the old layout!
1, Very good
1, This app is a very convenient way to check my emails. It does have a few glitches sometimes. Also, some of the symbols are confusing and you don't know what they do until you tap them, so it can be a little annoying. Other than that, I love the app.
0, Works, too many ads bogging down speed tho
0, My yahoo account has been my main e-mail for a long time, but since they started changing everything, the interface is impossible to work with on this app. It is much easier and safer to just log in through the website. You can't change folders half the time, and the other half, you can't get out of summary view. It is dangerous to have an e-mail automatically open when you log in, but that is what this app does. Steer clear unless you have a good virus protector and don't get a lot of spam.
1, Works very well on my Kindle Fire.
1, It does what it's supposed to do-
0, I get my mail a day late if at all so I don't use it. My mail comes to my pc first immediatly. The screen on the kindle always shows I am in trach mode and I can't get out of it
0, Doesn't work on Fire.
1, Awesome
0, I continually get errors or Yahoo sends an error that it can't connect since I loaded the new email program.
1, The yahoo email app works great.it is easy to use and I have no problem with it on my kindle fire hd.
1, Very user friendly, much like using my pc.
0, Key had 6 characters but only room for five then locked me out for too many failed attemps.
0, i downloaded this app specifically for messenger.....says you can switch between mail and messenger .....messenger is not compatible with fire....wth????????????????
1, App works great, faster to use on my kindle than getting out laptop to check multiple emails.
1, Nice view to read
1, Yahoo mail's New formatting was confusing until I downloaded the new app. I like the ease in viewing pictures and saving them. I am very pleased with the new email and I like the free part. Very nice!
1, Love it, no trouble.
1, I like this game, but still waiting to get a bonus!
0, Hard to dump emails more than one at a time
1, Yahoo was my first email account and I still have it so that is saying something. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a very easy to use email company.
1, I think some of the objects don't look like they supposed to.
0, This app was nothing but problems. Probably the most buggy app I've downloaded. Will randomly say my session has expired when I try to open it which takes me to the login screen, which then won't accept my info. Will also randomly open when I'm using other apps. Hated it, uninstalled it. Wish I could give it zero stars.
0, It's ok but why bother since Kindle has such a great email app and you can get all of your yahoo accounts in it.
1, I have had this email for 17years with no problems. thank you Yahoo. I can always. count on getting my mail when I go there.
0, Not looking for anything mor than to receive and send e-mail... Don't canre about what s happening on FB or anyother media
1, I have used Yahoo Mail for many many years and have gotten very good service.
1, I can get to my email faster when traveling! Just got back from South Africa and made use of it there.
1, This mail app is easier to use on a tablet than on a PC. It's fluid, hassel free, intuitive to use and easy to navigate. But much else to say.
1, A favorite!
1, Everything has been very easy for me
1, love it
1, Not only easy for a senior but smooth across all my devices.
0, I was not given a choice but to use this app. I liked the way that I used to get to my email much better. Would not use it if I had didn't have to.
1, Like
1, Downloaded this Yahoo Mail to my notebook and it works great! I can check my mail when traveling or just sitting on the couch. Well worth it!
0, it freezes up all the time
1, Easily used and customizable, Yahoo's done it again with their Mail app. Enjoy choosing your own visual theme and non-intrusive ads catered to your interests.
1, Very good
0, this is so not working. half the time won't. scroll. won't. allow me to retrive and read messages. most frustrating. would change to something else but what???
1, Would recommend
1, Works great. I use it more on my Kindle than on my computer. The speed of checking the inbox is great.
0, I can view my inbox and others folders, but I can not open individual messages, I would not wasting your time with this app.
0, 
0, horrible, horrible, horrible --- I will get away from Yahoo as quickly as I can, nothing but trouble!!!
1, Talk about convenience, I'm able to see/use not only my e-mail InBox, but have My Contacts and My Calendar available, too! I'm very happy with this App as it gives me access to Yahoo! on a device other than my PC and iPhone. Utilizing my Kindle as a tablet to access the web is another plus I wasn't really expecting; I thought I'd only use my Kindle Fire for e-books. What a great surprise!
1, The Yahoo Mail app works great for me on my Kindle Fire. In fact I like this email app better than the native email client! I find this app faster and renders graphical messages better.
0, atleast it's free. To get app to work on phone you have to pay. I wish they didn't dump or cancel your account if you don't login constantly. And the recovery of a loving sucks too.
1, I am pleasantly surprised at the price of these Amazon movies as compared to Barnes and Noble. I had no problems ordering and they are scheduled for delivery today. My daughters have looked forward to getting these movies for some time now, and for delivery to only be 2 days is excellent. Also each of my daughters have a Kindle, they enjoy how easy it is to order books for their kindles. Again, I very pleased with the service Amazon has provided. Thank you
1, Straight forward app. Does everything I need and no difficult or hard to work stuff.
0, I COULD NOT GET THIS TO WORK. THEY SAID THEY WERE HAVING PROBLEMS WITH THIS APP. MAYBE IN THE FUTURE THEY WILL GET IT WORKING, BUT NOT WHEN I DOWN LOADED IT.
0, i use galaxy s2 i9100... which has terrible battery life if auto synch is enabled. this yahoo app will always place a reminder in my status bar to turn auto synch on, which is annoying. there is no way to change how often the app synchs.
0, I am just very frustrated with Yahoo right now. I've used Yahoo mail for many years and with this Kidle and with my husband's iPad & now suddenly I'm being asked to verify my account with no way to do that, because I don't have access to those #s, etc, so what do I do??
0, The old classic mail worked just fine. It has now been over done by some idiot genious. Since I can't get YAHOO MAIL CLASSIC. I'll be dumping Yahoo. I literally "HATE" the new yahoo!
1, Really like it
0, Not a bad app--just couldn't figure out how to log out of it (as opposed to the Hotmail App). Needs some more work to be a great app.
1, easy to use
1, I have had trouble getting utility apts to work on my android. However, this email program seems to be working alright.
1, Great
1, Easy to use and another beautiful interface by Yahoo. If you are a Yahoo Mail User then this is a must have app.
0, I got tired of waiting 5 minutes to load mail. Really disappointed. I'm going to try reloading it because it would be so helpful to have.
0, Doer not work with Amazon Fire HD tablet!!! Not worth it.
1, I can get to my mail any time any where. Very nice and handy app for people on the go. It is a great aid in helping me to receive mail when traveling. I love the easy in which you can access your mail.
1, great
1, 5 stars great and handy to use. Recommend for all to use.
1, Very easy to use and it looks great. Love when I get a new message and it dings to let me know. Also love how I can empty trash and spam with one click. Love this app!
1, Downloads and uploads are quick and easy.It helps me stay posted with friends and family, I believe I will keep it a awhile longer
1, works great if you cant see all your emails flip your kindle upright or sideways what ever works for you.
0, Crashes often, can only view 10 emails at a time and can not view images or open up attachments. Also very heavy on the email notifications. I have an HTC thunderbolt.
1, wished every mail app did imap as well as this one. i have tried six or seven email apps and this was the best
0, I just find it to confusing to read!!! The order of the emails are not easy to figure out! just don't care for it!!
1, Easy to use, good look and feel.
0, When I tried to get this app I couldn't. That made me frustrated because they wanted me to give my credit card number to pay for it when they said it was free. I tried to get it but couldn't so I just gave up and stuck with the way my Yahoo was already. Hope this was helpfull. Sincerely, A Yahoo Member
1, I have used Yahoo mail for many years ... very dependable mail service ... simple to use ... recommend it to others
0, Dislike
1, Its a great app, it comes in handy. I use it everyday. Its perfect for my job. I just love it.
1, Works well for me, no complaints. I've tried others but always rely on Yahoo Mail for my main email service.
1, Grest app
1, I have no issues with setting up my email and using the app to read my messages or sending a message.
0, I hate this upgrade, I can't read my emails or see the pictures, the themes are hideous, constantly have to clear cache, I knew I shouldn't never upgraded!!!!!!!!!!!
0, There should be a way to sign out of your account. It would be nice to keep ones inbox out of view of other people who may havve access to the same device.
1, Fast and east
0, doesn't install on my phone
0, Sometimes messages show, sometimes not. No message alert until you open the app, which makes the alert pointless. Not good
0, this app should allow you to log out of your email account especially if more than one person shares the tablet. sometimes takes awhile to load and open emails.
1, It's easy and fast to go though your mail. It's easy to delet a lot at once or one at a time
1, They (Yahoo) had their bumps before Marisa Meyer became CEO but she has stepped up and made the product better.
1, No problems with Yahoo mail. Love the eye-catching purple.
1, Great app
1, A very nice mail...practical and easy to use...I can use it at the same time that I review my face...
1, I've got multiple Yahoo accounts, access them all with this app. Works very well, keeps everything organized and separated.
1, I had issues with my Yahoo account using a different application on my tablet, then I found this one and I very pleased with my choice.
0, I liked the last version. wording is small. doesn't flow nice when switching accounts. don't like at all. wish I could undo my update.
0, I just can't select from a list I have to type in a name ---- A very bad idea When I have time I'm going to change it up to something else
1, Most of the time it works great. Doesn't always remember saved email addresses and its been shutting down at times. If all I do is read & delete works good.
1, I love it.
1, Very Good App.
1, We were very satisfied with the whole process!
1, Love it !! Free & efficient.
1, Love Yahoo
1, Great!
1, Easy to use
1, Love this game! Best part is that you can add friends through the game and not on your FB account. All the rooms are different. As you level up they add new items. I hate the expexpedition game and I suck at the crystals but its a challenge and I keep trying. I like the ghosts and mummies and all those. Really an overall excellent game!!
0, my notification sound kept going on and on even after a hard reset so I had to uninstall. Please fix.
0, Need a log out key
0, always something that needs to be changed fixed or uninstalled
1, Great email service
0, I dislike my email intensely . I don't know which it is but it is my att mail and it is absolutely terrible.
0, Why do I have to type in all those crazy letters and numbers after I have already given you my email and password. I find it very annoying and would like to discontinue.;
0, before the recent update, it was working fine with occasional delays. a few days ago it auto updated. I have yet to be able to load or read any emails. not sure what the bug is or how to fix it.
1, Enjoy using it.
1, Always depend on yahoo
1, I love my yahoo!!! This app is wonderful and the new update with it's many background options keep me happy!
1, Yahoo is intuitive and easy to learn. The folders are very helpful for me and as soon as I go to that section I am instructed how to make new folders or delete them. It is very clear how to edit and create categories with my contacts. I could not figure how to do these things with Gmail and after struggling for weeks will never use it again. With Yahoo I can quickly read, delete and organize emails. I won't use anything else. The format and some functions change frequently, it seems, and I don't like this feature. Have to keep relearning.
1, Girlfriend really likes this slip/shaper with her shorter skirts. She says the built-in panty gives her a more confident feeling when sitting, and the shaper part doesn't ride up like her other one. She's happy, I'm happy.
1, Daily arrival
0, The old one was better, easier to use.
0, i cant find compose for send friend s email but when i type start with S on compose for send person but it s not show up full their email i have to type all of full their email i know most of computer have ready i already set up contact email on list then if i want to email to someone.. example i already put lisa8yahoo.com set up on contact list.. so that i m go to click compose for email then i have type start with L itself show up list say lisa8yahoo.com i click lisa8yahoo.com than type write full her email i like that one but tablet don't have alike that
0, Don't use the app...don't like it...
1, Thank you so much it's so easy receiving my e mails on my tablet I love this app. go yahoo
1, This app is really slow loading. My other email on my kindle works much smoother. I do like that the folders work well. Search feature not so much. I would really love access to my Yahoo calendar like I can on the desktop version.
1, A+
0, good
1, Ive been using yahoo mail for over 12 years now and I love it havent had a real problem with it
0, OK but you always have to click Show Images and it automatically goes to the next message rather than the Inbox homepage.
1, keeps me informed and connected
1, when I get a jpeg picture it wont download on my kindle. its important to me because I have lost over 100 pounds and I am documenting my progress with pictures as well as graphs. Yahoo is a safe secure place to send and keep photos that can later be archived in picassa
1, Works well. Easy to use. Loads fast.
1, love it
0, I find Yahoo products to be troublesome in many respects, and Yahoo Mail is a typical example. Difficult to understand how to view attachments, and difficult to get rid of junk mail once and for all.
1, Amazon recommend that I put this on my kindle because I was having trouble at times viewing my mail on my kindle
1, This app I already had on my smartphone and have added to my new Kindle Fire tablet - it is very clearly structured and easy to use. If I wanted to be really nit-picky, it would be nice to be able to format the auto signature in the same way as you can on PC but you can't have everything!
1, Love it
1, It's o.k.
0, used to love now hate checking email on kindle. not going to pay to remove ads. thinking bout changing to different email.
1, This is a nice app too have. It makes going too your e -mail easy. Which is great because I do not use yahoo now that they have changed.
1, Loved it
1, I absolutely NEED my e-mail on all of my electronic devices!! Glad that the Kindle Fire allows access to Yahoo!!!!!
1, Works great, use it often. Never had a problem with it for the year I've been using it on my kindle fire. Great syncing between this, my phone, and computer.
1, I really like this app. It is much easier to review and reply email no matter where I am. It is certainly makes my life better to connect!
0, 1 star at this point bec I can't find any tech support for how to move back and forth between emails. :-P
1, Great
0, For the business newbie! Good primer! Up sell to newsletter.
1, Working good
0, in general it's a nice app. But, the limited display of new messages is a major handicap to the usefulness.
1, Seems to do just fine
0, Yahoo now has a flashing ad bar at the bottom of the screen. I can't tolerate it but maybe you can.
0, Sorry, I mostly use Gmail for my business emails, but I happened to load the Yahoo app on my Kindle and it's nice.
0, do not like the new vwersion of this or att ...why do you keep changing the setup so often...sorry but give me back the classic
1, Perfect!
1, I am s. Still learning to use it and not ready to rate.
1, Works great!
0, it is ok i really dont use it as much as i do others apps on my kinddle fire thanks
1, I like this app very much. Wow... My mail at my fingertips on all my devices. You can't beat that.
0, can't log off... I deleted it right away. Want the old icon back!
0, the update totally ruined this app! I am not able to view, delete, or send emails since the update. RIDICULOUS
1, Perfect
1, It’s great easy safe and fast Thanks
1, It's simple to use , color can be changed and has plenty of storage with filters . Love yahoo, security improved .
0, I like the original yahoo mail much better, please let me go back. I do NOT like. I DO NOT LIKE.
0, I get this message about 10 seconds after I log in. If I don't, it just hangs while trying to download my emails.
1, Well written and highly readable.
0, So far version 5.6.5 has been a big disappointment. Everytime I use it, the emails do not appear only the header. I clear the cache and that works for one email but the next is blank. Using on Fire 7 so maybe that is the problem.
1, I chose Yahoo because it is easy to use. I like using it because there very little interruptions, and I do recommend it to new user.
1, Much appreciate the simplicity of this app and the seamless integration of my other email accounts.
1, No complaints. It works great
1, Works just as expected.
1, I am getting used to the update and like that I can make folders now.
1, I've used Yahoo mail and it's apps on multiple phones and devices over the years and they always work great. No complaints.
1, I am very happy with this app it is very easy to use.
1, I am able to create folders and have the program automatically have certain emails put in those folders
1, Good, great, grand, wonderful...
1, Improve deleting process for inbox
1, Works great. Glad I got it. Easier than the silk browser for checking my mail.
1, Easy to use, updates me when needed.
0, I don't know what to think, I don't seem to be able to get in. I used my email,password, still nothing! Oh well.
0, So now I'm getting "sponsored" ads in my in box. Very uncustomer friendly Yahoo. At least give me the option to mark it as spam. You expect your customers to be clicking on sites that we have no idea if they are good or not? Guess I'll have to start using gmail more often.
0, The app is the slowest app on my Samsung Galaxy S3. It crashes and doesn't keep up-to-date with what's happening with my account very well. The poor quality of this app is making me consider stopping using Yahoo mail.
0, I like having the ability to check my Yahoo mail from my Kindle Fire, but I do not like that I cannot sign out of the app, leaving my email exposed to anyone, including the kids, whenever I let them borrow my Kindle. There is also a problem with being able to delete emails from the app. As of 11.6.13, these issues still existed.
0, The previous version was ok but since it has been updated it crashes a lot. I have to try many times to read an email.
1, I appreciate having access to Yahoo when I'm on my kindle.
0, I use Yahoo mail,but the app in Amazon's Appstore is terrible. It crashes all the time. In order to get a stable app for Yahoo mail I need to go outside Amazon and get it from 1 Mobile Market. Not one single problem using their app.
0, I use kindle app for yahoo mail. It's more user friendly.
0, My in phone app for email is better..
0, As a Yahoo mail user, I prefer using the Yahoo mail app over the default mail app installed on the Kindle Fire. It syncs up better with my Yahoo Mail account, and feels easier to navigate. The big problem is that the app is constantly freezing up on my Kindle. I can't use it without having it freeze or crash completely. It's also very slow to load the emails. I'm not sure if it's the app or the Kindle Fire, but either way it's annoying. Overall, I like it better than the default mail app on the Fire, but the freezing issue is a major problem.
0, Don't like having to go to the APP store each time I want to open e-mail. I am used to using the e -mail icon.
0, Yahoo mail is pretty much like all the other email programs. I wish it had a few more settings. One being able to delete all items on closing. The way it is now you delete emails from the inbox or wherever, then go to the deleted folder and delete them permanently. Otherwise it seems to work ok.
1, I like it easy to use.
1, I have used this app for 4 years and it works well for aneroid. I have had to reload for minor problems, but still very good.
1, I love this. Great application
1, I have re installed this after deleting in the past. Seems to be running well so far. Was able to configure the emails to display nicely.
1, I enjoy using Yahoo mail and its bundled features. Much improved of late, the GUI is easy, fast and intuitive. Works flawlessly, as does 'push' feature for notifications. Recommended.
1, Happy to get my mail now.
1, I'm always glad when an app works as it should, so this one is acceptable, Everything seems to work except I can't get messages to delete from all the locations where they are stored.
1, It's easy with the app
0, newest version has ads at the bottom of your inbox. They are always there, distracting you. very disappointed in yahoo. would delete this app if I could.
0, I searched Sim simile and this cane up I'm so sick of them not having tootle apps like google play!!!!
0, I have had to change password 3times,due to adds popping up and interfering with Sig in.
1, hey how u doing well this is examle1. Many more to come. bye ya oh I forgot don't forget to coment!
1, Layout is easy to use, does everything it needs to do. Like that I can set up sub-folders and multiple accounts. I've tried other apps but always return to using Yahoo.
1, I have needed a straight forward mail app on my Kindle Fire and this works great.
1, Have used Yahoo mail for years and this app works fine!
0, Beyond frustrated. Takes a minute per email deleted, 3 minutes to open an email, have to delete the same emails repeatedly. Just started happening a few months ago. App is updated. I force quit, clear the cache, reinstall. Makes my email unusable. If they wont let you use other mail apps with your account at least make this one work. Have had this email account for decades and now it is unusable.
1, I love my e-mails on Yahoo. 😁
1, Super purchase
1, Very helpful.
1, I was upset that I couldn't scroll down past 10 of my emails, untill I desided to look at some reviews to see what everyone had to say about it.... and found that all you have to do is turn your kindle length wise and it will show all your emails. Once you've done that, you can turn it back to horizontal, and it will work that way too. I t works great. :)
1, Great
1, It's very good and easy .
0, Bad
1, good, but I haven't figured how to send email to groups in my yahoo mail lists. Other than that it is great!
1, Full functionality, as expected
0, This app worked fine for quite a while until a few months ago when it quit showing I had mail and it keeps saying session expired and wants me to log back in. I tried deleting and reinstalling and it still doesn't work.
1, ok
1, This is the wife's mail checker and she loves it.
1, I use this application on my kindle everyday and would probably go cray if it was avialable. I love it
1, Like the desktop app. Works fine.
1, Speaks for itself anytime any where I need to check my email I go check it I love being an yahoo user
1, Great, able to get my email on kindle fire. Shows up just like on iPad. Would highly recommend for Fire
0, I don't really notice any real advance. At least not in what I do.
1, Love it
1, I just love it! It downloads my e-mails, without any problem. Hotmail, you need to follow suit, if you want a great product!
0, its ok
1, Good app.
1, Fantastic
0, I just got my kindle and this was one of the first apps I got. I mean it is ideally convenient to look at your e-mail, but I did not know that it would notify me whenever I got mail. I just turned off my sounds.
1, This app is easy to use and convenient when you are in a hurry.
1, Easy to use!
1, I've had yahoo for a while think it great never had any problems
0, Runs slow...don't like
1, Very user friendly on our Kindle Fire HDX: FAR superior to the other methods of checking my email. You can see part of your messages displayed as you scroll through them. It is like clearing the garden of weeds, it really gives such satisfaction to scroll down, marking each one, all for the glorious moment you can tap &#34;Delete&#34;! And moving files to other folders is really easy too. Managing your inbox is the easiest and fastest I've experienced yet with this app on the Kindle Fire than on my phone or pc. Hope this helps. :-)
0, It's okay, and allows you to read your email. Only thing it DOESN'T do, is let you logout. Never heard of an email app that you CAN'T logout of.
1, I haven't been using it for very long. So far I find it easy to navigate. Give it a try. I like it.
1, It works great!
0, Great app
1, lately a lot of hicups in the service
0, Yahoo stinks. Anyone who puts this kind of garbage on the net should through themselves off the highest bridge they can find. I will never join another league on Yahoo ever again.
0, I don't like that it shows the characters of your password as you enter them. I think this is a big security issue because if someone hacked into your device they could easily record your password then have access to your email. There are so many ways for people to hack into accounts and the last thing we need is to give them an easy way to do it.
0, Too many adds and pop-ups, takes a long time to load because of all the video ads. I don't have enough control over what comes up, thinking about going back to IE
1, Has lots of useful features..
0, Doez not work like it should,
1, installed it to my Fire8, it's very good.
1, I think it works well!! its also easy to get around and it has everything tht u would normally use on ur computer...
1, I just love the way this app works. It is quicker plus has the words already waiting to just touch and boom it is done. The keys are just a little too sensitive sometimes but not enough to complain about. I have been with Yahoo for over 10 years now. I do like this very much. I also like the upgrades with the different kinds of scenery and color set. I think you have done well but have heard rumors that Yahoo. is not very secure anymore and are having technical difficulties. Good luck on solving whatever is wrong.
1, Yahhhhooooo!
0, Crashes a lot. But I need my Yahoo app. Really wish they would fix it.when I go to cute my meshes it freezes them closed out
1, Confusing, but I will figure it out.
1, Brilliant
1, Enjoy my yahoo page.
1, good app. I like how its pretty much the same as the android version app. always used this app! really nice
1, I love how convenient this app is..you can check your mail and other things while on the go, no need to boot up your laptop..
0, The app keeps taking my inbox, Sent, and saved emails and putting them in spam. I've lost a lot of emails I was saving
0, It never recognizes my password & I've had to change it several times. It also does not load my messages (when it decides to log me in & not kick me off) REMOVING!
1, I downloaded this app on a Kindle Fire. Works great. I wanted to have access to my Yahoo mail account when I was away from my computer. So this works great for me.
1, Love yahoo
1, Great app
1, I like this version better than the old. The only downside is that you can't get back using the back button.
1, This App is better to manage. Everything is at one glance..just scroll and it is as 123 . Thank you Yahoo!
1, Works well, easy to use. No complaints. :)
1, Easy and convenient to use.
1, Not bad for a tablet. I like it. I like the features and the pattern. it's just like regular yahoo mail.
0, Sucks, would not let me log in, after several tries gave up
1, Love it have been using it for years. Gives me all I want tor email. Won't consider changing to another.
1, Great!!
1, Very easy and love the new layout and color purple. The features are understandable. Its fast and has great sound when one receives a new email.
1, Works great. You can't log out but that don't bother
1, Great app & very quick download and installation. Allows easy access to my mail and contacts, great to see Amazon making it easier for some of us way down under.....thankyouverymuch.
0, I downloaded this app for my Kindle Fire. It caused my Kindle to freeze and crash. I ended up uninstalling it so that issue would not happen again.
1, Nice, convenient, easy to use and manage app. I recommended it.
0, Mail
0, I am running the latest version of Yahoo Mail on my laptop and it is horrible! They should have left it alone, it was fine the way it was "If it ain't broke, don't fix it"
0, Have no idea what you are talking about?????????
0, Too limited. Cannot access my contacts list. Cannot access my account settings. Not very User friendly. I have had many problems which I have reported, never responded too and never resolved.
1, I have used Yahoo from it's beginning. Had my sign on stolen, &#34;joi &#34; found another, not what I wanted. But have not been happy with the, changes, to classic yahoo. I have many friends who are just learning the old Yahoo, when they changed. They almost gave up I know I and others, wrote to Yahoo to change it back, or give them the option to keep classic. So far they have. I agree the new Yahoo look sucks. The service it still great.
1, But I still don't know where my sign out button is?
0, I didn't need the kind of trouble I received just for clicking on the update on my tablet. I deleted it pronto. After using it, I had to delete all my cookies to be able to open my REGULAR e-mail thereafter.
1, Great app🙌
1, i loved this app its soo easy to use, amazing, its a really good app, i recomened it to all. Get this app you guys :D
1, Enjoy being able to read email from friends when not at my regular computer. Easy to keep in contact with friends that way
1, Excellent
0, I thought I would like this app, since I have yahoo email but once I downloaded it and used it I could not figure out how to log off the email...my account simply stayed open all the time. I tried going to the internet and logging out that way, but it seems that the app and the internet website are not in sync...i got nervous having my email open all the time because in the past ive been hacked that way....so i ended up deleting the app completely and I will just use the website address and log in that way. Its quite possible that I just dont know what I am doing though....
0, getting extremely frustrated not receiving any email graphics on both kindle fire or phone and I have sent numerous help emails to Yahoo without any response!!!!! VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED IN YAHOO
0, SUCKED. Takes forever to load, does not email your message list. Sometimes it would show a buch of current emails followed by a bunch of messages a couple of weeks older. Sometimes deleted messages would show up in the inbox. You're better off using the web browser to get to Yahoo. I removed this from my Kindle in a hurry.
1, Very good APP, very easy to use.
0, I cannot mass dump emails!
1, love this new mail box look. Easy to view and manage multiple folders. Very pleased with the new streamlined look!
1, Like yahoo mail just fine with the exception of it freezing up about once a day. Don't know what to do to remedy.
1, I like the fact that I may access my email via my kindle. It has a few issues in my mind but i generally like the ease at which I may sync my kindle with my PC and be able to access my email. I like that I can keep it open on my kindle and not have to log in each and every time.
0, I am unable to use the app as it hangs with no page refresh and no navigation. After 2 minutes I gave up.
0, the yahoo mail ap on my phone is much more up to date than the one available for my Kindle Fire (first generation).
0, its. crazy annoying that there is no easy way too delete old emails. ihave about a million emails but cant get rid of em. why such an obvious defect... come on yahoo
1, It works very well and I did need the access to my email. If I have any complaints, it will have to wait until I use it more often as I just set it up.
0, I deleted this from my Kindle Fire not long after I installed it. Takes forever to download mail.
1, Great
1, This is a great little apps for getting your mail easily on you kindle and would recommend it open quickly and easy to read.
1, I don't like all the changes but after a while you get used to it and it offers many options
1, So far very good, very simple and at your finger tips.
1, I use it every day, and haven't had any problems with it.
0, The newest version of yahoo email sucks. It looks like AOL email and I hate AOL email. Yahoo execs and anyone that implemented this version of Yahoo email should be fired, it is very cumbersome and SLOWWW. They need togive users an optionbefore changing email formats.
1, Very handy and easy to use . Takes me right to my mail.
1, Yahoo has the best variety of options.
1, Whenever I had yahoo mail I had this app on my phone. It's notifications are very accurate & it is very convenient.
1, Good app.
1, It is very easy to get my mail I Love it
0, I don't know why but within the last 24 hours it keeps saying I have no messages,this is only on my kindle it's fine on my phone..... very annoying, this needs to be fixed.
0, This is a good app but how do you upload your contacts? Still use previous method of entering yahoo then go to my mail to send emails from my kindle. Really disappointing app
1, Easy to get email it is very user friendly and it has ,a nice layout, you can personalize to your liking.
1, Benn using yahoo for over 20 yrs. !! Love it!
0, Keeps duplicating old messages
1, I Have been using yahoo for years,I like it very much
1, Nice job.
1, It does the job intended for the kindle.
1, I been using yahoo over 10yrs now .on the kindle it's slow but still love it
1, I like free!
1, Easy to use. Modern look.
1, Have had no problem with is app.
0, not sure what happened but I cant even see my emails. I only use my kindle fire, so not sure how I'm going to check my email anymore. thanks for adding to my shopping list Yahoo.
0, Did not need it.
1, Keeps me updated on all my emails! I love this App. Have it on my kindle and my cell phone.
0, Zero stars, horrible email server loaded with spam and ads
1, Perfect.. very happy.
1, CAN CHECK EMAIL ANYWHERE ITS GREAT TO HAVE DON'T HAVE TO BE JUST AT HOME ON COMPUTER TO SEE MY MAIL.
0, ok
0, I've had Yahoo mail for years and sad to report that I don't appreciate the changes it's made. the Yahoo page has got too many advertizements. bring back our old yahoo please.
0, Can be very slow to load. Keeps asking to be upgraded for a fee. Useful, but not ideal.
1, I love this app do much and it updates for new emails every time you pull it up. I use this app all the time
0, don't get this its not workign forbmebit wont install it is still in stalling right now this is the their day of this.
1, Love yahoo mail ..it's wonderful
0, I did not request this.. and now cannot get rid of it... do not use my kindle for your advertisement tools. like the Propaganda ny times, Sick of your left false crap.
1, I use this app all the time. It is easy to figure out. Nothing difficult.
1, Traditional Yahoo experience, with a few glitches. Where is the ability to log out? Is don't need it often, but the option would be nice. Yahoo continues to be a reliable and secure email choice.
1, The two main reasons why you should download this application. 1. Easy to use. 2. Easy to set up and install. Once downloaded all you do is sign in like you would to Yahoo on a computer or lap top. No special server information is needed to bypass anything. Simple and easy to use and that is why I give it 5 stars.
1, Ok, so the app isn't as good as the website, but it is almost as good. Can't do everything the website can. Only writing this review so I can stop the pop-up from asking me to write this review. Sorry, not much of a writer.
1, Works great and really enjoy being able to check mail on my kindle fire. EASY TO USE AN D TO SET UP.
1, the app works wonderfully, but the only things you can do is send/receive mail. you can make folders, but I don't know how to make it filter the mail into the folders. other than being slightly boring, its a great app and works well for its purpose.
1, So far so good. Much better than the standard mail on my Kindle. As another reviewer mentioned, I would like to be able to logout also.
1, this yahoo mail app works great. it is easy to sign in and view all your mail and it has a bar on the side for other applications offered by yahoo.
1, Works great. Love it.
1, Much better than the original version. I gave up on that version and used the Kindle email app which didn't delete messages very well as they kept reappearing in my Inbox.
1, It is better than what I was using
1, E-mail
1, Finally found this one and it works great! I've tried others but they didn't function properly and didn't have some basics.
1, Yahoo Mail App made checking my mail much easier than the programs that came with my iPhone and Kindle
0, You cant sort by subject anymore. I don't like them grouping my conversations into one email. I like them being separate.
1, Its great!
1, It is so awesome app
1, Always a trusted favorite
1, works wonderfully the way an app should. very happy with the Yahoo mail app for the kindle fire. very happy. happy happy happy
1, App works awesome and so easy to use. Great app for Yahoo mail. Love it. I recommend this app to anyone with Yahoo mail.
1, It seems to be working very well
1, Love it!! Use this app at least twice a day. Never have a problem using this app. Very user friendly
0, MY KINDLEL STILL DOES N OT WORK ,THE SUPPORT YOU FOLKS GAVE IS A TOTAL ZERO! UNFREAKING REAL. WE ARE SENIOR CITIZENS CONFINED TO HOME AND YOU FOLKS DID NOT HELP ON 7/25/17 AND PROMISED TO GET B ACK TO US IN 2 TO 5 DAYS, SO FAR------ NOTHING!!!! WE FEEL YOU FOLKS HAVE TOTAL CONTROL OF OUR MACHINE. WE DESPERATELY NEED HELP GETTING OUR MACHINE BACK UP TO SPEED. THIS SERVICE IS A TOTAL JOKE !!!! HELP
1, Real easy to work, you can scroll down...I couldn't do it before on other apps have pages ...I recommend it
1, Mostly a fantastic email app. Just loads a little slow sometimes. It gets the job done and works fine. Things could be better but everything could be. It works fine.
0, Why can't they just leave well enough alone?? I used to love my Yahoo mail, I even pay for it and the changes are ridiculous.
1, Great app for reading e-mail, does what it's suppose to. A must have for reading yahoo mail on a tablet.
1, okay
1, Love the new Yahoo mail
1, This app. makes email on the kindle fire a breeze. I can check, reply and delete messages. Well worth downloading.
1, Great
0, My acct. Was hacked to many times. SEldom use yahoo anym oe
1, Great app, no problems. this app is what I use for my email....
1, Has news updates on the homepage so I can be informed of trending topics.
1, Works great
1, Easy to use. Very happy! Would recommend this product to everyone.
0, I am frustrated that every time I use this app on my kindle fire, it crashes and I can't check but one e mail if that. Please fix!
1, I like it much better than the previous set up.
0, This app keeps asking for my location every time I open it. Annoying!
1, If you have multiple e-mail accounts on Yahoo, this will help. Not only access to them but will clear out you boxes from the app instead of staying in unti you clear them at home on the computer.
1, Reliable and accurate...
1, It's a foolproof e-mail app. Nothing but good things to say about it.
1, Love the app! I can't always go on my laptop to check my mail, so having it on my tablet and my cell phone I can check my email anywhere at anytime. Its super easy to you and I love that since I've downloaded the app I have extra security on my email account that I didn't have before. Its an optional protection, so you don't have to use it if you don't want too. But I love knowing that no matter where I'm at, I will asked/notified if I'm trying to sign in on another device, and its a quick yes or no answer and your done - unless its no than there is a few extra steps to take in order to secure your account and stop the hacker from accessing your account.
1, Very good application to access Yahoo mail account and just view mail. It would be nice to have a selection box to allow fast check of mail to dump. Maybe next release. Overall it's a good application.
0, This is undoubtedly the worst app ever. For the past several days I have tried to permanently delete emails multiple times. They continue to reload into the inbox after deletion. If I could give this app a minus rating, I would.
0, Does not work on all devices, slow and hacked a lot!
0, Adds are annoying, I would've kept the app if it didn't have adds. I deleted it and went back to the mail on my phone which is add free.
1, Darling baby shoes and perfect for church or play!
0, Don't care for it - lost emails - not user friendly
1, Being electronically challenged as I am, I find yahoo email easy to use. Whether sharing pictures with friends or sending messages , it's a snap!
0, Intrusive, not intuitive, was forced to use because Yahoo stopped allowing use of mail app on android. Not happy.
0, Like the least: 1. Can only erase one email at a time, 2. It ask me to verify my password too often, 3. When I forward emails from a newspaper site or from Yahoo it doesn't not send them sometimes.
1, I was a bit apprehensive at first, for some of us change can be challenging. I'm still learning and enjoying how easy it is to understand. Thank you
0, Not crazy about the delete. Easier way of doing that.
0, I keep trying to send my freind an email but, the email will not go through. This experience was exasperating enough when the app crashed and erased my next attempt at communicating with my freind. Note, all this and I was next to the wireless router.
1, Works great for t th e kindle fire i use this app on
1, thanks for the app love it so easy to use now i prefer to check email on kindle vs laptop
1, It works well and I can switch between my different accounts. It didn't save lives but I can check email and that is all I need.
1, I can read my mail anywhere.
1, Love it
1, Love it.
0, Deselected this was so annoying with all the " organization " that made me work harder finding what I wanted to read. And all the colors ,etc didn't help.
1, Very accessible
1, yahoo is widely used today. the app edition is helping us to go further.
1, Like
1, No problems
0, this is a great product but the one thing i haven't found yet is a sign out button which why i gave this a -2 star rating. otherwise its very clean and nice to look at your email(s) with. have it on the kindle fire.
1, Have never had one problem with my Yahoo mail account.
1, I have used Yahoo mail for a very long time now and I was glad I could sync it to my phone so I can read my messages on the go.
0, I do not like it at all. The blue screen that keeps popping up is annoying! check boxes are too small and it doesn't sync well.
1, Cool
1, I like getting my e mail without all the ads. I love the yahoo news also. Thank you very much
1, It works great. Does have a few area that need fixing, but it is the only one I will use for now.
1, Like the app.
1, Awesome
1, Have had an account with yahoo for years great way to keep in touch be notified and keep up with friends and family
1, I have been an Yahoo mail user for a long time and I was very disappointed when the &#34;brilliant&#34; executive with Yahoo signed off on removing the option to &#34;sort by sender&#34; on the latest update to Yahoo mail. This was a very helpful option. I was able to sort through mail emails much faster. Please bring it back.
0, Would not work on a new Samsung Galaxy Core Prime. Had to uninstall.
1, Works fine.
1, I like being able to change the themes
1, Sometimes I have an issue with composing a message, but it's not a big deal.
0, Will not log in on my kindle fire HD it is a waste of time do not bother with this app on your kindle.
0, Nothing but problems with it on my Kindle fire HD7. Deleted the app after two days.
1, A very efficient way to check your email drop box. And get rid of all spam at one time, instead of ten messages at a time. Thank you.
0, stupid slow for the kindle fire. i can access other web mail like gmail with no issues. no excuses for the terrible speed
1, I downloaded this to read my email on my kindle fire Works quicker than previous app Love it Would recommend for your android
1, I like this app. It is very easy to use; it's pretty much the same as checking email on a regular computer or laptop. Plus, being able to check it on the go (with a Wi-Fi connection, of course) is so much better and easier than getting on a regular computer.
0, I like this app. It's easy to access and read, but every so often it freezes and I have to uninstall it then reinstall it. after that it seems to work fine again.
1, As long as I can check my mail with no problem there couldn't be no problem it works.
1, I really like my Yahoo! Mail on my Kindle. I really like getting notifications when I have mail waiting for my viewing.
0, Can't log on, error message session ended. The old app worked flawlessly. This update does not work on kindle fire.
1, Love yahoo mail. Have been using this for a long time. Very reliable.
1, I love how it's not confusing & it doesn't bring back to the inbox the messages I'd already deleted (it used to do that). I just wish the first screen that appears, the one about conversations, had an option that said "never show again".
0, I'm having some issues with this app. The first time I used it, after logging in, it had problems, saying technical difficulties, please try again. I got this 3 times despite being able to get my mail from yahoo's webpage directly each time. I uninstalled it and installed it a few days later. It connected, but was VERY, VERY SLOW. I like the features, but the speed leaves much to be desired. I haven't decided if I'll keep it. We'll see.
1, It is good so far I like it
0, I didn't expect to compose email on the Kindle Fire. It just takes too long to type. I can do much better on a standard keyboard. But, I wanted to be able to check email and the Yahoo app does that without a lot of fanfare. There is a glitch that I've noticed. When I'm streaming a video, if mail arrives the "ping" of Yahoo lowers the volume on the video. I have to pause and restart the video in order to restore the volume.
0, ok
1, use it often
1, use it every day.
0, Doesn't work well.... web version works better on tablet than app
1, I have been using yahoo mail for many years and find it really easy to use. I'm able to sort and put my mail where it is easy for me to find. Use the folder option for a lot of different programs that I'm involved in.
1, I love being able to access my emails and internet while traveling light with just my Kindle Fire. This application helps me do that!
1, I like the maneuverability of this app. It works just fine on my Kindle Fire HD. The only problem I've run into is not finding the logout button. Maybe I'm just overlooking it somewhere.
0, Not as good as the regular fire email app but yahoo no longer works in it.
0, My only complaint about the yahoo Mail is that when I open it, it kick starts my GPS and I have to go in and turn it off.
0, Every time there is an update I have a problem. Showed an update for yahoo mail and now I can not open my email. What the heck.
1, I've switched between numerous Mail apps but I always end up coming back to Yahoo Mail. It's easy-to-use, well organized and customizable.
1, I am glad that all my information could be put on my tablet. It is so much easier to carry around Thank you
0, I hate it. It's slow and when you select a message half the time you have select it over and over to get it to load. I like just using my browser to log in but now for some crazy reason it doesn't want to work right. Maybe I should just uninstall the app.
1, Been using this app for several days now. Seems to work well. Couple of things are different from Google App Store item, but not to much. Worth downloading & using.
0, I'm very happy that you guys don't download on this first version because I never ordered it!
0, I get a lot of mail coming into my Yahoo email address. Mostly junk. This thing would run ALL the time, not just on demand. Consequently it would be downloading mail while trying to do other things, making my first gen Kindle Fire nearly unusable and extremely sluggish. I could find no way to make it stop this behavior. The mail client itself was actually pretty good, and I did like it overall. The cons of being unable to use my tablet without killing the Yahoo mail client the bad way outweighed the benefits of having it. Yahoo, make a lighter weight client. Most tablets and phones aren't super computers with great multitasking capabilities.
1, Love everything
1, I love being able to do this on my kindle. I can't believe how much stuff I can do on my kindle now.
1, I like it a lot. I just wish there was a companion calendar app.
1, I like the new update where the mail is on one page, rather than having to scroll to different pages looking for an older email
1, Is very good company , I will handle complaints good service good quality and everything come on time
1, It's my auxiliary email. But it works
1, I've been using Yahoo for my primary email for close to 20 years. It works great on all my devices,and I would recommend it for anyone.
1, Works fine
0, The only reason I gave this one star is because it is impossible to give minus star ratings. Don't fix anything else. If you do, it will become completely useless, not just stupid , cumbersome and extremely difficult and frustrating. Unless this is fixed I am dropping it.
0, Don't like it....hard to get my emails, the print is so small, can't read it!!
1, Love it!!!
0, Refused log in, even though I have been on browser using my combined yahoo accounts for over a year. After sending a text to verify, it would not let me input the code. Closed app, opened it again, tried to just use gmail. Blank screen period. This has been occurring ever since the app became available for kindle again, believing yahoo had actually coded the app to be functional.
1, It's the best way to view your mail.
1, Seems to get the mail.
1, good as good
1, I have always liked yahoo they were my first site to hook with
1, Only problems is if anyone sends you a vidio it does not play flash on the kindle hd. So any way if you are on the road a great product to keep you up to date.
1, Handy to have it available on tablet
1, Very clear and colorful!
1, It made getting Yahoo mail easy on my Kindle. It allows me to automatically connect with my Yahoo mail wherever I can find an available wireless connection.
1, Awesome
1, The convenience of having this on my Kindle is fabulous.
1, I was having trouble with the regular yahoo mail. This is much better. No problems. I wish more apps adjusted to kindle fire. Like scrabble, can't play with friends on it.
1, I love it
1, I have used yahoo for about 12 years. It is easy to use and I prefer it over all other mail site!
1, So much easier to get my email on my Kindle Fire than before when I had to go to the web and type in my password which I always mistyped. This app puts a little notification if new mail comes and I can click and delete and read so easily. I do save my replies for when I use the computer because I don't type well on the Kindle, but that is just me. It is easy to reply and forward. A great app.
0, NEW VERSION TERRIBLE. Yahoo uploaded a new version of Yahoo Mail that I didn't ask for. NO SAFE DRAFT BUTTON. Since Yahoo crashes frequently, all of your work is lost. The send buttom as well as the text buttons are at the bottom. In addition, Yahoo tries to force you into using their Cloud storage. IF I HAD WANTED IT I WOULD HAVE SIGNED UP. BRING BACK THE OLD YAHOO...OR YOU WILL BE LOOSING CUSTOMERS.
0, does OK. the pop up at every start gets old. does not seem to stay current. for example I just got yesterdays emails...24hours late.
0, This Yahoo! Mail app destroyed many (if not most) of my contacts. Last week it sent a dozen or so duplicate eMails to many of my SENT eMail recipients. The software app is a piece of CRAP (written by amateurs)!
1, Great app. No problems. Works without the agravations encountered with other apps.access all yahoo accounts in one place and with ease.
1, Great App*****
0, Generally this app is okay and works. I like the new design. I have never been able to open attachments on my Kindle Fire, which is sometimes a problem. Since the latest update, I often have trouble opening messages. I open them, but nothing is there. The only way to read them is to close the app and try again. Sometimes it still doesn't work.
1, great
1, Impressive user interface. Like the weather application, this new app is beautifully designed. I'm loving the new Yahoo, forget the bland amazon default mail app.
0, I 've been using this for a while. Since the last upgrade I've had few problems. Then this morning, I have a new upgrade and the arrow to advance to the next message from within a message is gone. You have to open each one individually, exit, open the next, etc. The programmers must have assumed a swipe would work or something. The constant intrusion of IT 's random diddling has become the largest interference with day-to-day business, leaving power outages and bad weather far behind. Right now Yahoo is playing the village idiot, but any of them could be next.
1, This app is amazing for just viewing things, but I have not discovered how to actually send emails to people.This may just be because I don't know or it could be impossible.It is still pretty great!
0, Will not load onto my Kindle
1, This app works on my fire HD very nicely. It keeps me up to date on mail as it arrives.
1, I love t his app. It makes my kindle even more useful. I can check emails on the go and the screen size/resolution is much better than on my phone.
1, Makes it easy to check your email anywhere which is very important when you are job hunting, looking out for invites etc.
1, I've had Yahoo Mail forever. Don't think I would trade to a different Mail app,
1, Does what they say it will. Quick access to your Yahoo account. Don't use it very often but it's nice when I only have my Kindle.
1, Nice change from gmail. I like the online notification.
0, wish I didn't have to use this
1, Love this on my kindle!!! Finally able to catch up on old emails... Search is easy a d delete sooooo simple to do in batches! Nice!
1, I use this all of these time
1, Good app. It would be nice if there were a more convenient way to delete old or unwanted email. Otherwise, very good.
1, Great app, easy to use and very convenient for keeping your email organized!
1, The app is friendly and easy to use.
1, Use this app daily works well no issues
1, I have had a tad of trouble with this. I can only message on my PC. I can still check Emails, but I cannot reply. If you experience this difficulty, fint this helpful.
1, Grate have used for years.
1, Use it all the time with my Phone
1, Great email & information, thanks yahoo.
1, Love getting email
0, IT won't load up on my kindle fire. I got a notice to upgrade to this better application .It just won't load no matter how many times I try this is junk .
0, Have used Yahoo mail since its inception. Recent changes have wreaked havoc on my computer and message text will not show up on my Kindle Fire. The constantly changing ads on the PC causes all email activity to stop for a few seconds with each change - the keyboard will not function.
1, Great email app
1, My first website!
0, I do not like the fact that when you reply to an e-mail it stays in your in-box. The original e-mail has your reply. If you want to send to someone else, it is all messed up. I hate this.
0, I use the app on my Kindle Fire and, despite the setting for Notifications being on, I have not received any in probably a few years now. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling it to no avail. It would be nice to know I have new emails without having to open the app first.
1, Works fine!
1, Well organized and easy to use !
0, Just downloaded an Android update on my LG3 today, and now I can't get Yahoo Mail to open.
0, App crashes constantly. Very frustrating. Every time I turn it on, it crashes. I end up logging on through the internet.
1, This app makes checking all my emails so easy. I don't have to turn my laptop on. And wait for the internet to load just to get to yahoo, and wait to sign in, than wait to yahoo mail to load which takes a long time. Than wait to read just one email. Kindle yahoo app is so so so much faster it's excellent. Thank you app store and Kindle fire and Amazon.com which is where I got my 4 Kindle`s from. Thank you thank you thank you.
1, It does what it should, nothing incredible or special but it is useful on the Kindle Fire. Easier than using the browser.
1, This app works fine. there r some glitches when the inbox wont show a msg if theres only one thing in the inbox. but other than tht it works just fine.
0, I Liked it better before this last update.
0, I am ai fan of classic Yahoo. This new version is super awful. If this is suppose to be a change for the better, well in my opinion it is horrible. I am deleting my Yahoo account and moving on to. G mail.
1, I love Yahoo Mail! Nothing like free, to make you happy! Also the easiest email out there to navigate, and keep your emails organized. Thanks Yahoo, and thanks Amazon Underground for the free apps!
0, Feeling like switching from Yahoo mail is something I should have done a long time ago, but seems like a fair amount of effort (which iit probably isn't). Yahoo glitches frequently and it feel like I have two accounts now that I've downloaded the app. Just annoying.
1, Yes. It did meet my expectations.
0, Sure wish it let you trash unwanted emails....
0, Since yahoo mail put out an update for the app for android phones and my Samsung Galaxy S 3 the phone no longer automatically syncs or gives notification of new email. Customer support is very difficult to talk to and slow to respond. No phone support is available at all.. So disappointed.
0, I cannot open/view or save any attachment with this application. I have no problem dealing with attachment on any other device except kindle.
1, I ordered this app this year it came Instantly I am very happy to be organized this mail app is like magic it brings me joy I can easily find the mail I look for So Please join now
1, Not a problem at all with this app. Enjoying it very much.
1, Good mail app easy to use and updated regularly no lags or complicated setup. U just download for free from the Amazon app store enter your info and your set up.
1, its great that I can acres my mail from my kindle since Mt laptop in down. I had information in my email for a paper I needed to write. this acres was a great save.
1, No complaints
0, After deleting the unwanted Emails, I thought that is exactly what it did! To my detestation, when I signed into Yahoo on my PC, all of the Emails I thought were deleted were there waiting for me! I was forced to delete them ALL OVER AGAIN! Why do I have to do this? This APP either needs a SERIOUS update or a whole new face lift! I uninstalled it until the 'bugs' are worked out of it. Like most APPS on Amazon, they do not perform well and take up a lot of space on your Kindle!
0, Previous email was easier to use.
0, I don't like the way this app works on my Kindle. I can't seem to find a way to mark posts to be deleted as a group...I have to actually look at each one to delete it.
1, I like it better than the one supplied by my tablet. Easy to use.
1, GREAT TRANSACTION GREAT SATISFACTION THANK YOU
0, did not ask for the upgrade it like so many things just happens
0, Yahoo mail is incredibly slow. It takes 1-3 minutes to respond to a command and sometimes just shuts down altogether. There is no easy way to dump old, unwanted email. Getting help is impossible. Unfortunately, I have used this for so many things that it is almost impossible to close it out.
1, Its great to be able to check my email on my phone & kindle
1, Works just fine. Not too bad for free. I have had my account for years!
0, Sure it works but its slow and it seems that it doesn't receive well.
1, I love this app. I have muscular dystrophy and my hands don't always work well. this app makes it so easy for me to read and delete.
1, Very convenient for acceding email.
1, Makes setting up email on my Kindle a breeze - just sign in and that's it!
1, Between Yahoo and aol or others I like Yahoo the best . Plus it is fun saying your email address @ YAHOO! If you kinda sing it out makes people smile. And the world needs more smiles.
1, I use yahoo everyday for communication and it is great. Give it a try and the best part is you can put stuff in your spam for good!
1, When you need to know what is important per priority to read first, the Yahoo mail app is fantastic! Terrie W. 😂
1, Awesome
1, Getting my E-mails have NEVER been so easy! I love this app, helps me stay on top of my committments
0, It's not working!!!!
1, Needs little improvement but needs a few tweaks.
1, Makes me up to date. But whatif I have 2 Yahoo accounts? How can i access the other?
0, It continually asks for your password and then often rejects it even after it was accepted on a different device just moments before. It is very slow and difficult to use as it will make it's own adjustments such as sudden change to super magnified viewing.
1, Good
1, It is amazing I recommend it to all. It is always reliable.
1, Just started using this account and so far very happy with it. I do have to add all my contacts, etc. so hopefully all will go smooth and then I can give it a five star rating.
0, checking your email on the actual web site is.so much more person friendly. I can only check a limited amount of emails. even to delete more I have to come out of the app and go back in. :(
0, My app doesn't work, etc. TU
1, Easy access. User friendly!
1, I put on my Kindle and it works great.
1, The update made this app ten times better. I actually use it on a daily basis.
0, they need to eliminate the ADS and also work harder to filter SPAM emails.
1, Great app
1, Works great
0, Visually appealing, but lacks options to make it simpler for the throwbacks like me who were still using the old versions of Yahoo mail. I prefer the layout of the older versions.
1, Is very handy.
0, I don't have an android phone I must have my password.
1, Need
1, Been using Yahoo Mail for over 10 years.
1, Yahoo mail is the best
1, I love this app
1, Been happy with it for years now.
1, Good
0, Agree with everyone else. The developer needs to fix the fact that you cannot scroll down to see mote than 10 emails
1, I love this app it lets me know when i have an email. I can read my emails clear and it is a great app.
1, I would like this app to be able to select everything then be able to delete the whole email lists
1, I have used Yahoo mail for 13 years, this android app works very well on my cell & my Kindle Fire. Thank you Yahoo!!
0, Difficult to stay connected.
1, Got this app for my tablet because the steps to connect my kindle with my email was some kind of crazy operation that was nowhere near user friendly, and was totally not worth me trying to figure out and mess with, so thanks yahoo for this app
1, I think it works as it should most of the time. On occasion, it will not open emails when I hold my Kindle width wise.
1, Yahoo is my primary email and I appreciate being able to access it easily Works just like it does on pc so it is easy.
1, I really like Yahoo mail... very rarely down
1, Always works, never have any problems.
1, Love it, I have used it for many years :) This is the only email that I really ever use.
0, Every opened email blinks on and off between 5-7 times before stopping. Yahoo remains unresponsive to fix this months old problem. They want feedback BUT they do nothing with it.
1, This app is absolutely amazingly easy to use. There is no way yahoo could of developed a better app than what they have.
0, i had no choice. u made me use this, I nearly lost my other apps with this change.
0, Where are the Operating Instructions??? I know 'S, but the utilization of this app is not that intuitively obvious to me!! How do I delete a Folder?? How do I mass delete spam?? JERRY ARNOLD
1, love it
0, I don't like it popping up on my home screen and beeping every time I get mail And I had to download to get my mail instead of just going to my box on my phone liked it better before
1, This app works great on my Kindle Fire HD This app makes getting my e mail a pleasure. Getting my email is faster on my Kindle than my desktop.
0, The Yahoo email app is just ok. It is very much less polished than gmail or the outlook email apps.
1, Took me a while to get used to it but it is fine now.
1, I like the ease of looking at my mail.
1, I love this app so much! I love how you get to choose from like twenty notification sounds, and right when someone emails you (if your kindle's on), you'll here the notification sound! I highly recommend this app if you have a Yahoo! Mail account!
1, Used it for about twenty years. Never failed me.
1, great program
1, Paid version excellent; my email client of choice.
1, Need to keep friends ALWAYS--some I've had forever, some are new, ALL are great so I need to keep in touch with them.
0, awesome sight
0, When they changed to the new format they made it more confusing, Calendar needs a lot to be desiered.
0, Yahoo has decided that I want a preview page, and will not let you toggle out of it, yahoo if I wanted aol mail I would still be using them, look for a better app.
0, It' won't allow me to look at e-mails that are in my "Sent" folder, but does an OK job with 'Inbox' emails.
1, Yahoo mail is quick and easy. I love it!!!
1, It's quick and easy to use. It bypasses the school's parental controls and that's what I wanted it to do.
0, It is easy to use and I like that I don't have to get on my Pc to check the mail
0, Some problems with application, but overall it does the job as needed, and is an improvement over the stock application that came with the Kindle.
1, Easy install and use. I can access my email much easier and it displays on my kindle just fine. Good app.
1, Works well and is fast. I can get thru my email very quickly. And I also like the Android app
1, Never any problems. Lots pf spam.
0, NICE!
1, The product has a lot of capability like retrieving emails from different sites or other email services. U can retrieve pics as well as information about other products you have purchased from different sites. Family or people from far away can speak to you thru an email they send. Please consider the benefits of email when u purchase this app.
1, Love it never had a problem
1, great- easy to use and always dependable- easy to understand and maneuver. I have tried gmail and other accounts but always return to using yahoo....thanks
0, Not that easy tnavigate. Didn't like that you had to go into a message in order to navigate through the other messages
0, Hate the new upgrade it wont load any of my mail. Tried it several times and finally gave up and uninstalled it.
1, nice app
1, Okay, you're going to say there's better, but ask yourself, is it free, and if you want to mess with configurations and access to your mail folders? I think you will be able to spend some less time using it rather than all the features you can get with others.
1, Very good app. Pleasing themes and presentation. No clutter. Easy to operate. Only problem is you cannot send group mails. And Note Pad is not accessible. Vijayan
1, A good app very few bugs easy to use. Get emails with no issues. Worth the get for email access
1, Fast shipping. Item as described. Thanks!
0, since the upgrade I haven't been able ti access my accounts. :p. freezes and never opens on my kindle fire.
1, I've been using Yahoo! for years, with no issues. I love it.
0, Actually this program is pretty good. But absolutely don't like the fact that I can't logout. If someone can enlighten me, then I'll change my rating.
0, I've been using Yahoo! Mail for my business for years. I do not want to change my email address for that reason, so I downloaded it onto my new Kindle Fire, that Santa brought me. I am not a huge fan of Yahoo Mail...it has it's annoying issues. Because of my business, I have not tried any other email provider, except AOL years and years ago. But, Yahoo! is mostly reliable, and I usually can manage to get done what I need to. So, I'm sticking with it for now. Maybe when I retire, I will try a better one. PS: Thanks Santa...I think I'm going to like my new Fire...when I learn how to operate it! ;)
1, Yahoo Mail wasn't working anymore on my Kindle, so I took it to someone, who deleted the old one and put this new Yahoo Mail on my Kindle. Now I am able to see email on my Kindle again.
0, This program seems a bit awkward compared to the last one. Too many things to either do or keep track of. Keep it simple. Give me back what I had. Thanks.
0, It's an OK email service.
1, My husband & I both like to check our email in the morning. No conflicts. He uses the PC. I use my Kindle. Life is good!
1, I have no problems with Yahoo mail. It is an easy to use mail service.
1, Works!! Not exciting but functions.. SchoolMom
1, Easy link to yahoo email account for my kindle.
0, I have an old (very old) email address - prodigy no less (which was compuserve and something else before yahoo bought those) and prodigy does not work through the yahoo mail app through the kindle.
1, We have YAHOO on our pc and have no problem with it. This is a popular sight and no one should have any trouble with it.
1, This is a cool app I can check my mail any where I go plus I have all my contact all in one place way to go yahoo
1, I had this app on my 4th generation IPod and it crashes frequently. Since I have had the Kindle fire HD7, there have been zero issues! My only complaint is the set-up. I believe it could be more user friendly.
1, I got the Yahoo Mail again because somebody hacked into my last account and I had to set up a new account. Iliked the last account so I set up the new account.
1, I've used it for years and still love it. Can't beat the price either. Keeping it. Why do i have to type 20 words?
1, I've had it for 15+ years
0, keeps shutting me out. messed up my Kindle account.
1, This app is awesome. U don't have to log in and out.
1, The app used to force close all the time, but seems to work almost as good as a desktop. I can easily open the app and check my messages
1, On Kindle Fire this app works well; scrolls thru emails, and you can choose folders to view or to save emails to.
1, To many adds don't like at all.......
1, Love the curtains, perfect for my house.
1, Nice to merge emails on my kindle
1, I purchased these for my husband. They are very affordable! He loves these laces because they are quick, easy and do not come undone while walking or riding his bike. We will definitely buy more. We HIGHLY recommend them.
0, I want to add to it, also a negative review, but it seems to have disappeared. Yet other folks' negatice reviews are listed, and seem to be plenty. Yahoo refuses to do an adequate job filtering my spam, and it is only getting worse...intentionally? I am now up to almost forty spam emails per day, most of which are advertising obscene sexual content. Worse, they are sending many of my desired emails TO spam. I have reported this to them repeatedly, yet they ignore me...or are aggravating, escalating it. Shame on them. It is too hard to find another server, or I would leave them. Anyone have any advice? In my previous review I listed at least a few thngs that were positive about Yahoo. Not now.
1, Works great more secure
1, Thanks for making it so easy.
0, I HATE the red/purple background. Tell me how to change it back.
1, Works like it should
0, The Yahoo email system stinks no matter what you're accessing it on. I have it on a Windows phone, Android tablet, PC computer and two Kindle Fire tablets and they all have problems. On every update a new problem arises so there are too many to mention here. If you have no choice but to use it then by all means download it, just don't expect much.
1, The app. For android is easy to manage and works exactly the way it was designed. I have not had a single problem with it. It works just like the Pc version. Navigation is simple and direct. I have used Yahoo mail for many years and found it to be the least complicated of them all.
1, YAHOO MAIL IS MY FAVORITE WAY TO KEEP IN TOUCH WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS
1, It is a good emailing app if you have Yahoo and it's not to fast or slow just the right speed
1, I like being able to get my e-mails without having to sign in every time and it's so easy to use
1, Great! No complaints.
1, I like this app and I'm glad that it looks simular to the way my Mail looks on my desk top.
1, I like the fact that you get a view of your email when clicking on it. I find it harder on the Kindle to open other folders such as "deleted", "sent" and "draft" than on my pc. However, I am just a beginner in the Kindle world and hope things will get easier for me.
0, This app only works about half of the time. It stops working at some point almost every time I have it open. It shouldn't take 5 minutes to open and check email. If there was another option I would choose that!
1, With the latest updates to yahoo mail, I find I like this app better than the full version. The app is easy to navigate and fairly intuitive. You can easily scroll through email and enjoy all the features of the full one without some of my current frustrations. I definitely recommend this app for all yahoo mail users looking for their email on the go.
1, I love having the Yahoo mail app on my Kindle. Before downloading it I was just using yahoo mail through my browser; however I was having trouble reading all of my emails. Once I started using the app I am now able to read each and every email. This is a must have app.
1, Beautiful app! Easy navigation and access to folders. Nearly all the conveniences of desktop. The only thing I'd like to see added is filter access. I have certain types of mail going to a few special folders.
0, my back up mail program and home page on 3 other computers, Using Ubuntu 12.04 or all 3 and Windows 7 on 2 as dual boot, and now on my Kindle, my home mail app with a well know cable company does not allow mail to be sent on it If I am not on my home server, so when we travel we use Yahoo mail,
1, Love it
1, Wow, not having to change your password every time you go to email is are relief.
1, yahoo is my favorite way to do mail . i love it i only wish yould pick stationary for free with it other than that i ike my yahoo mail
0, When they update, they don't give any instructions. There's nowhere you can call. The update isn't as good as the original. I just don't like it!!!! If it wasn't for going through the hassle and I knew another mail provider to go to, I would leave in a minute.
0, It always added things to my email page that were intended as propaganda so I Dropped Yahoo for promoting perverted queer agenda.
0, Not going to use.
1, I'm able to check my e-mail when I'm on my tablet and my mail in beautiful color, its lovely. I enjoy getting my e-mail on my tablet, that has all my other info on it
1, I have Yahoo Mail as a secondary mail account. I occasionally need to check my mail when I am using my kindle. This software makes it so easy to do just that. Free APP which I would highly recommend.
1, Easy to use, thanks.
0, Combined my two email addresses. Did not want to do that
1, its great if you need notifications for your email. this has been extremely useful! I hope youll get the same amount of usefulness from this as I did.
0, Quite simply the app does not work well (and that is being extremely forgiving of its performance). If you have a Yahoo email account continue to access it from your computer. This app will not help you.
1, Frustrated with inability to remain signed in. Those of us who are solo users of our devices should be afforded that option.
1, It works fine on my Kindle Fire. Have had no problems with this app. I would recommend this app to anyone.
1, It's The Bomb
1, Need it. Got it. Love it.
1, I haven't used my computer since I have to this.
1, My favorite!
0, Since they did an update a few days ago my Yahoo email won't open. If anyone reads these reviews please have them fix the problem!!
0, This app is SO SLOW and freezes while deleting emails. It is so annoying that I had to go back to using the website instead of the app.
0, I am using a Kindle Fire Hd 10 and just updated my email app. I cannot see about 99 percent of my emails when trying to look at them one at a time. This is very frustrating. I like some of the changes made with this update but if I can't see anything how can I use the app? If the people at yahoo read this I hope they can fix the issues so I can still use the app. Thank you.
1, Great app!! Can check email quickly! Going to put this app on my husband's phone too!! Thank you!
1, I enjoy using yahoo.
1, Have used this ap on my Kindle Fire tablet since November 2017. Love it. No problems, no delays, and is always up to the minute with my mail.
1, I like Yahoo because it is always refining its look and image. I have never had a problem with them, and I've been a member of the Yahoo community for a very long time.
0, Half of the time I can't even open my mail or see the images with this app. IT REALLY SUCKS!!
1, This version is much easier to use and I love the themes, keep up the good job Yahoo/Amazon!
0, I don't like having to click every email to delete it. I miss your old page that had a "check all" button. If I could go back I would!
1, just keeps getting better. They update and keep up with the technology. That sure makes my life easier. Just one less thing to struggle with
0, I dosen't work good it is very slow
1, Easy to use. Let's me check my mail and send mail from my kindle. Great app, very helpful! Highly recommend!
0, The app was ok at best when it worked. for some reason would never allow me to quick check addresses. Now it keeps saying me session has expired and must reenter the password.
1, Yahoo mail is one of the best kind out there. It is easy to use and very manageable. Like it.
1, Works great. Loved the changes and how easy it is to organize the emails and delete the ones you don't want.
0, it is what it is
1, like
1, Works as stated. I have not had any problems.
1, Have been using YAHOO since my first computer in 1997. YAHOO has very good news items; they don't focus on any one thing but instead spread themselves all over the board to let the reader/user make their own decisions/opinions. Always get great TECH SUPPORT and have always relied on YAHOO.
1, Works good
1, Good app
0, Good enough for me.
0, The "new" yahoo mail stinks! There's not one change they've made that I feel is an improvement. What the hell kind of beta testing did they do with this? I didn't get one single mail or survey asking me what, if anything, I wanted changed about it. I don't have a single friend who likes the new mail at all! I've even heard that they can't even get their employees to use it! Here's a simple fix, just give us the option to go back to the old email!!!! Won't cost you squat and will make users happy. If I didn't have ten years of archived emails I'd be looking for something else.....unfortunately Gmail already made all the lousy changes that YM just did so they both stink,, gmail actually worse than YM in my opinion. Shame it has to be a competition of who's worst, not who's best!
0, Still adjusting to changes on PC. Reserving final judgement.
0, Don't use Yahoo, just waned this out of my rating cue on amazon
0, Yahoo does not allow me on my Samsung to click a box to delete the dozens of junk emails i get. i have to go one at a time. on a pc much more friendly, but the purpose of a tablet is speed and flexibility
1, Very easy to use so far.
1, Easy to use and works smoothly Managing the mails would be lot more easier Looking forward for updates like voice reading and more
1, I love Yahoo mail on my Kindle..I love being able to access anytime anywhere.I would recommend this product to anyone!
1, great interface. easy to surf between the pages. lot of options. great go compensate the kindle 's non yahoo basics. i 'll keep it because this version is so easy to use.
1, So pleased Kindle Fire and updated app work seamlessly.
0, It won't accept my password.
0, Yahoo mail is ok on the kindle, but even a D- on my laptop. I would recommend that if you're just getting started, don't start with Yahoo.
0, First it takes forever to load new messages and then it doesn't even load all of them so you have to repeat the process. It's painful.
1, Yahoo has been very dependable for getting all my e-mail and downloading maps. Yahoo also gives me enough space to keep all my messages and pictures. Thank you again to Yahoo.
1, Awesome! I never get to go on the computer, so now I get to do my mail on my Kindle Fire! Dose not lag at all. At the beginning, you get to change your inbox background. It is quick, easy, and simple! I would TOTALY recommend if you have ymail and/or yahoo themed mail address. Thank you for reading! -Theawesomeperson minecraft account: sarahawesome321 (PC ONLY)
1, App works very good for reading and processing emails. Sending emails is another story though. I have to resort to using the web site for actually sending emails since this app doesn't support changing your from address to use one of my relevant disposable yahoo email addresses. If that feature was added in, I wouldn't hardly ever need to use the actual web site application anymore.
0, I would like to be able to select multiple messages to delete. Haven't figured out how to do that in this version. Wasn't broke in my opinion.
1, Great app
1, I really enjoy this app!!! Its good for anyone that contiunesly checks their e-mail! Would recommend this app for anyone!
1, it is so fast and works real well gotta love it
1, Easy to use with no issues or concerns.
1, very useful and easy to use. can switch Emails with one touch. I like. the way they it automatically update when the Wifi is on.
1, A little buggy
1, Yahoo is my homepage
0, Not as good. I had the perfect yahoo mail till it upgraded. Now I can do as much. No pictures not working great. This updated one sucks.
1, convenient one click... be sure that your device is locked or anyone with access to the device will have your email access
0, App is not that great and tends to lock up and limited from standard Yahoo mail
1, missing a few functions. low-tech version. suitable for most things, however.
1, I like the user interface (UI) way better than gmail or any other app I've tried on my Android phone
0, This app serves email slower than my grandmother pumps gas, and she's dead. Constantly getting "the email script has stopped working" force close/wait errors. Makes checking your email an all day affair.
1, If you have a yahoo mail account (yahoo, ymail, etc), this app's for you. It is a lot better to use that the Kindle Fire HD's native email program.
0, This app could be good if it wouldn't keep getting the not responding message. It's always crashing and it takes along time to refresh for new messages.
0, The adds at the top of my inbox are annoying, can't be deleted! Ever since update and new format I have been very unhappy with yahoo mail. It is slow and lagging even when deleting. It glitches. I liked it very much before......
1, The only reason I didn't give a 5 is because of the pain in the rear it is to save attachments. Need to be able to save all attachments at one time from one email instead of pic by pic. Also, be given a choice of where things are saved. I can never find where my documents go. Pics go to pic album but documents go to a folder buried in one folder after another.
0, Does not work right for Kindle Fire
1, great
1, It works.
1, I needed an app with a better formatted setup for an easier means of checking my email that could handle processing them quicker and more thoroughly.
0, I have been a Yahoo mail user for almost 20 years. While it is nice to be able to get your mail on a mobile device, this app still has a lot of issues. Chief among these is the fact that it often as not fails to delete items that you have told it to delete.
0, Not helpful just another app.
0, Really wish you could access the group I have set up in the desktop version from the mobile version. I use this for work (church secretary) and frequently need to send out group emails. It's very tedious to do that from this version.
0, This app worked great, sync'd well with my other devices and pretty much did all that I could ask. Then along came the update (read all the other reviews regarding the update). Multiple problems have occurred: the Yahoo! icon is now just a gray blob (I could live with this), slooooow uploads of email, says it deleted email, but it really hasn't, cannot remove old empty folders from the created folder screen, etc. Thought I would give Yahoo a few days to debug, but things have not gotten any better. I do like the new format and think this may have potential... However, I am so frustrated that I am going to remove the app. Maybe I will reload it when reviews regarding the update start improving???
1, I like the fact that I can check my yahoo mail while away from home without trying to read the little words on my cell phone. I also like the idea of it being right on the carousel for easy choosing.
1, I like using this app better than using my kindle fire hd email program. It's easier to move around in and see emails. It's easy to delete and clean out junk mail box. Very good app.
0, Just downloaded the new app. Now I wish I hadn't. Can't find all my previous messages I hadn't deleted yet. Harder to delete all messages at one time. Have to go to unread to see new messages instead of just going to inbox. Liked the old version much better.
1, 5 stars
1, For some reason this is not as user friendly as it should be. It does not keep your contacts in alphabetical order. It seems time consuming.
1, Easy to use.
0, this app worked perfectly..... until the update. now it force closes ALL THE TIME i cant even read an email
0, Did not like at all, the help service fixed the email that c as me on my fire and I am very happy about that!
0, Will not open. Tried several times. Deleted and installed several times. Never got it to open. Installed on Tablet and phone. Neither one would work
0, Pretty screen; but navigation is awful. Grouping by conversation option doesn't work well. Messages arrive late or not at all. Still lots of work to do.
0, How could this be so bad??????' I own a business & I used this address . Now they updated it . All it does is close. Wait .Close Wait..I'm stuck wit this crap.My company has customers from when yahoo mail started.So HATE It .!!!!!!I spent more time trying to read them...I should call...less time.DON'T DOWNLOAD.IF U HAVE A BUSINESS..ULL B SO SORRY.
0, Although I have had yahoo mail for years, I recently have had some trouble with my e mail account and could not get any help from yahoo with my problem.
1, I enjoy my time every day when I get to sit down at the computer and see what's on my email. It's easy to attach pictures, etc. and keep in touch with my cousins around the country.
1, has worked welll for me for many years. Cant say more than that
1, I like the way the app keeps access to my emails.
1, Yahoo! Mail is a great application for any of your emailing needs. On occasion there's a minor glitch, but it's an app, I mean, what app IS perfect? It's convenient, easy to use, and it saves you a lot of time. Why go to your browser and wait thirty and thirty clicks to load the page when it's already right there on your home screen?
1, I haven't found any problems with receiving my email since I switched to Yahoo email.
1, I prefer it over all the others.
1, I have used since before I was married (1999). Not sure of exact year. Never had a problem. Need three more words.
1, Quick, gets me to my email so much faster than my computer.
0, I miss the one before I updated it!!! If you love you're old one please do not I repeat do not update it!!
0, I cannot see this working wave my phone every time I log onto my email. is that correct?so far i have not been able to discuss this with yahoo. Does ymail still exist? my log in does not work mess mess mess
1, This app is much better than the standard email app. You can access your private folders and send mail to your folders. It helps to keep your mail organized.
1, They've up the amount memory space for their app, really good.
0, The app works best for reading e-mails. But is extremely difficult to access my yahoo address book when composing mail.
0, Okay so after downloading this app, within 10 minutes of usage, its starts crashing on my kindle fire HD! So annoying though, didn't even get a chance to enjoy it
0, Yahoo seems bent on destroying itself. I've had the same yahoo email account for nearly 15 years and with every "upgrade" from yahoo my email account preforms worse and worse as it is further bogged down by slow loading ads that block me from accessing my account features. I used to love yahoo, but like other bygone industry giants they have become lost and are in an unrecoverable tailspin. Adios yahoo....hello gmail. Turned out my last email from yahoo to my contacts was my new email address and guess what less junk mail....Yay a win win. Get some real leadership yahoo return to your core basics of servicing your users by ensuring a fast easy loading email account with simple easy to use interfaces and your profits will rise with increased visits. Otherwise continue to bleed users (ie. email users) and watch ad prices and appeal lessen and seal your fate in oblivion. A true yahoo.
1, It's easy but I still prefer the look and feel of the webmail browser version.
0, I tried to access my Email via this app and could not. I have gone back to the regular web access. Not all of the special characters work for logging in or password on the app.
1, Like this app
0, This app does what it is meant to but it can have lots of lag or freeze up from time to time. It can be very irksome.
0, Could be a lot better but works.
0, I removed and reinstalled this application not realizing that it now has ads. I am paying ATT, why the ads? Very disappointed...
0, It will often fail to process attachments correctly. Since it has been re-designed I find it to be less user friendly.
1, Love yahoo
1, this is a very helpful app... i always use it, i think that this is the most used app on my kindlefire.
1, Great it appears when you playing,notifications when you receive mail so you can always be alert of your in coming mail.
1, its great ,but when you download the updates it takes foooooorever , but I do recamend it. but its greatly worth it.
0, Keeps corrupting meaning no emails are sent or received without you knowing!
1, Really helps me check my email
1, I'm happy with it
1, It's email to me
1, I ordered this app this year it came Instantly I am very happy to be organized this mail app is like magic it brings me joy I can easily find the mail I look for So Please join now
1, Not a problem at all with this app. Enjoying it very much.
1, Good mail app easy to use and updated regularly no lags or complicated setup. U just download for free from the Amazon app store enter your info and your set up.
1, its great that I can acres my mail from my kindle since Mt laptop in down. I had information in my email for a paper I needed to write. this acres was a great save.
1, No complaints
0, After deleting the unwanted Emails, I thought that is exactly what it did! To my detestation, when I signed into Yahoo on my PC, all of the Emails I thought were deleted were there waiting for me! I was forced to delete them ALL OVER AGAIN! Why do I have to do this? This APP either needs a SERIOUS update or a whole new face lift! I uninstalled it until the 'bugs' are worked out of it. Like most APPS on Amazon, they do not perform well and take up a lot of space on your Kindle!
0, Previous email was easier to use.
1, This app is simple and easy. I have never had a problem with it on my Kindle Fire. If you have a Y -mail account this app is great to access it.
0, Don't work
1, Very pleased with yahoo. Mail!
0, I hoped to access my mail but it doesn't look like it supports the business mail I pay for along with my website hosted by Yahoo. it picked jp my free account with no problem though.
1, yahoo mail is the only e-mail i have ever used. why change when it serves me so well?
1, Excellent for quick email retrieval. Happy to have it for my Kindle Fire. Makes sending and receiving easy and effective.
0, The screen format is terrible. Difficult to print. Folders not easily accessible. Cannot import contacts to another e-mail. (Verizon) Calendar needs to "roll" weekly, not monthly. Need more options to customize. Would definitely NOT recommend.
1, Great way to stay in touch.
0, I used to use Yahoo Mail alot but Hackers have made it so you don't want to use it anymore! I have the App on my Kindle for viewing my e-mail but have had to remove all contacts and files due to hackers sending erroneous e-mails from my yahoo accounts. With no contacts, they can send anything anywhere! I also just removed my Yahoo Mail account from my Smart Phone since e-mails were being marked as coming from Android!
1, We luv it.
1, Good app for emails. Met my expectations.
0, could not log on
1, Yahoo Mail works really well
1, Get ✌🏿
1, Wow, my Kindle Fire is on fire. This app makes the mail as fast and comprehensive as the mail on my laptop. The Kindle has absolutely no trouble responding!
1, There are too much publicity
0, I started using yahoo everything when it was one of the better search engines. They now change the format of whatever they wish and you have to live with it. No input and not much customer service. I only stay with Yahoo mail because of long list of contacts, friends and family who use my yahoo address to contact me, it would be a huge hassle to change and that's all.
1, So far I like the app.
1, Great. I like being able to check my email on my tablet as well as on my computer. It's convenient.
0, I like it except you can't logout. I don't like that.
0, It's kinda slow and kinda irritating. Yahoo mail seems to have to refresh (or it hesitates or whatever it does) every time you open an item. I don't like the way it delays when you move things to other folders (however, setting up the folders themselves is fairly easy). It's just not a great set-up for an email system (don't like how you have to unclick 'keep me signed in', either).
1, Great app, suits my purposes just fine. I take my Kindle Fire most places as I like to read if I get caught up anywhere and have to wait. Great bonus that I can now check and send emails as well
0, It's a cool app except it WON'T allow you to out an sometimes there is trouble SENDING. Besides that it works really well and is a great way to get emails.
0, I get my mail a day late if at all so I don't use it. My mail comes to my pc first immediatly. The screen on the kindle always shows I am in trach mode and I can't get out of it
0, Doesn't work on Fire.
1, Awesome
0, I continually get errors or Yahoo sends an error that it can't connect since I loaded the new email program.
1, The yahoo email app works great.it is easy to use and I have no problem with it on my kindle fire hd.
1, Very user friendly, much like using my pc.
0, Key had 6 characters but only room for five then locked me out for too many failed attemps.
0, i downloaded this app specifically for messenger.....says you can switch between mail and messenger .....messenger is not compatible with fire....wth????????????????
1, It is the only one I have used.
0, It sucks! It wouldn't let me delete an email without opening the next. I prefer to choose if I want to open it.
1, I love this app for kindle...it notifies me with a bell when I get a new email. Ive had no random shut downs and it refreshes on its own, quickly I might add. I would definitely recommend.
1, Easy to use
1, My workplace email service was a five. Yahoo mail is very good, but lacks some bells and whistles found in that other email service unnamed but well known.
1, Like it
0, Good email app
0, It's ok.
1, I was new to Yahoo Mail, and I really like it
1, No additional comment
1, app is okay
1, :)
1, Very good!
0, Yahoo Mail has too many ads that really slow down the processing time. The app is good but the mail service to too clunky and slow.
1, Works great. Easy to navigate and understand. love that I can have so many folders.
0, Not safe from hackers
0, CRAP!!!! Yahoo! used 1.38 gigabytes of my mobile data in two days. I never knew because it was all background data. F--k you Yahoo! Now I can't use my data for the next 18 days. Unless you have unlimited data, don't put this app on your phone. I went and deleted the app, so it's listed in the attached picture as removed apps.
0, It's slow, kicks me out often and never responds to my request for help. It's frankly the worse. I'm in the process of switching, but difficult because I have so many files and accounts linked with it.
1, A truly useful app for the kindle fire. Works great at all times. I wouldn't back it if it didn't do what it was supposed to do. Way to go with this one!
1, Great app- works fairly closely to the same as my desktop version. No problems, no glitches- works great for when I'm travelling, and not able to use a full-sized desktop.
0, I have a LG G3 and it just received the new operating system update (5.0.1). Now the yahoo mail app will not open. When I click on it, it say "unfortunately, Y! Mail Has stopped working". My software version is D85120b. The phone is supplied by T-Mobile. I love the app and would love for you to put an update out to fix this problem.... otherwise I'll have to get rid of the app because it doesn't work. Thank you for reading.
0, Whis Amazon First would let me down load the newer Yahoo app.
0, Typical phone app.
1, If you have Yahoo email, recommend you use this app. Works well most of the time although very slow to load messages, especially new messages . Overall, gets the job done.
1, I have been using Yahoo Mail for years. The app works great on our tablets and phones. There were some problems a few months ago when they made some changes; everything is ok now.
0, I removed this app from my phone and my Kindle Fire. I found the stock email app to be much easier to use. You would think Yahoo would come up with something much more appealing and easier to you than this. I was very disappointed in the interface and the capabilities.
0, ok
1, great app
1, Have had Yahoo mail for years. I like this app very much. Sometimes it will freeze but not always. Like this very much
1, I love it
1, I love that I can go directly from the Carousel to Yahoo to read my e-mail! It's a great time saver for me.
0, I'm new to the Kindle and fumbling with it, but there does not seem to be a way to look at only the subject lines of the list of email messages, rather than have the application opening the first message. I don't want to open unwanted messages.
1, Yes
1, Thoroughly enjoy using yahoo.com email
1, Great app works well with tablet. This is one of the best electronics I have used yet. Was looking for a tablet that would work for me during class.
1, I downloaded this app because I could not get the Kindle's mail app to send messages from my Model Release App. Well, Yahoo works with it. so can't complain.
1, Excellent
1, This app is much improved over the previous versions and there are no longer any annoying adds. Good job Yahoo.
0, I have yet been able to conquer this. I have tried time and again and it says my e-mail or password is wrong so I do it on my laptop and it works everytime. Hope I can figure it out soon
1, just what I needed to check my mail. never had any problems to access my account and to see any kind of content including images.
1, seems to work ok
0, I like the old yahoo..
1, It was very easy to install and use.
1, This app has helped me keep my email under control. Before I had this app, I had to use my desk top pc to check my email, and since I rarely us the pc, my email really piled up. Now I check my email all the time.
0, Slow. locks up, when I do a search and I click on the search I want to use it won't go to that. I hate it.
0, Okay app
1, I am able to check my mail on the go without having a computer. I like the convienience of being able to see my mail wherever I am. Works great!
1, It works and easy to use
1, I find this app to be very useful. Just what I needed, don't change a thing! Something went wrong with my Yahoo that couldn't be fixed, so this is perfect so I can receive and send email. Thank you. : )
1, I like the ability to take care of my email...sending messages are better than a few months ago. Definitely a keeper.
1, If any one is tired of google give yahoo a look at. I have been using yahoo for years. Got a tablet now and first app I wanted was this app. Yahoo again has not let me down.
0, It was okay until for some reason it quit loading.
1, All the email basic functions are included along with some customizations.
1, Excellent app
1, Seems comparable with GMAIL. I use both accounts for different purposes.
1, Love it , can't do without it. Great thanks for coming up with it.
1, The swipe to delete feature is a nice option.
1, It os very EASY to use
1, The only thing missing on my kindle!
0, I used to have 3 email accounts on my kindle fire and all of a sudden they all quit working at once. Tried uninstalling then reinstalling but didn't work. Thought I had to update and this is where the update took me. Well I have one account updated but yahoo mail doesn't have a way to add more accounts. So 2 accounts are deleted. Maybe it's operator error but it is very frustrating especially when my old basic mail was working just fine til Sept 21.
1, You can see and delete messages quickly.
1, Still great after several years. No issues with server connection and great security. Access and app from all my devices. 5 stars.
1, Just great.
1, happy with yahoo.
1, I have been using the app for almost 4 years and happy with it. Few times I had issues, but resolved by itself.
1, I love this app! I use it every day. Easy to use, easy to navigate, easy to open and close. The settings are easy to follow. I would recommend this app for any one needing email. Good job Yahoo!!!
0, I can't sign out. Please fix this
0, so far so good, still learning how to use it.
1, Been with yahoo for years. No problem. I don't much like how it is on my tablet but that is not because of yahoo.
0, It is ok. I do not particularly care for it. I have a hard time deleting conversations. I must do them one at at time.
1, Ok
0, Something went wrong and now I can't use it anymore, big thumbs down
1, Love it
0, As with any mobile app, this has fewer features than the PC app. But, it is good enough.
0, The main problem for me is that in the current version there's no setting for whether the app goes to the next message, to the previous message or just back to the inbox when you delete or move a message. It always goes to the previous (i.e. older) message, which doesn't work for me at all. Yahoo very recently fixed this in its webmail, so maybe this app will get a fix soon as well. I can't figure out why they screwed up something so basic in the first place, though. On my Fire tablet the standard Amazon e-mail app works much better for me, and it's quite a bit faster.
1, I have had Yahoo for many years I really like it a lot. I have never really had any problems with it.
0, I tried it a couple of times but not thrilled about it, I go on the google search and enter that way. Too fine a print to work on
0, Don't buy not worth it
1, Excellent, very user friendly.
1, its all good i love it thank you good job
1, It was good to be able to use my yahoo mail on my Kindle Fire HD. This works much like my computer, but without all the ads.
1, The Yahoo app is pretty good, I can pull up my e-mail and respond when I need to. I sell products and receive notifications on my e-mail, nice to know when I have a sale while I am reading.
1, the app is fully functional. everything works making it easy to check multiple yahoo mail accounts. I don't understand why people give bad reviews for this one?!?
0, Sooooo much faster than using the browser on my mobile device (tablet with me). Takes very little time getting used to. I love it. Update 1/15/14... I still use the ap... but it constantly has issues... like, not acknowledging new mssgs. Many times I have to exit inbox by opening another folder, then instantly go back into inbox to trigger ap to allow me to actually select and read the mail. Very frustrating. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times. Took away 2 stars for constant problems.
1, works great
0, If this is the best app that's "out there" for the Kindle, I'm glad I returned the Kindle Fire. Don't waste your time.
1, I use this on my Kindle and when I am going from class to class and I need to check-up on any e-mails quickly. This is one touch away and I can manage my e-mail and reply without problems. Plus as an extra it has very attractive designs to customize the look of you e-mail background.
1, i use this app on my kindle. it's been a reliable mail application. i have had no issues at all with it.
0, The app wont recognize my password and keeps informing me my session has expired only moments after I log in. very frustrating ..
0, I didn't realize it would be the same thing
1, Love the fact that you can get your mail on my kindle Fire HD 7
1, It's a great app, easy to work,
0, This update really failed to deliver the kind of consistency we should expect from Amazon and Yahoo. For example there is no way to move errant messages from the spam folder whether it got there due to User error or Yahoo filter insufficiency. AND there is no way to roll back to the earlier version. Thanks for screwing up our app GUYS!
1, This app is the best
0, would not stop pestering me for a review
1, Top notch...does everything I need it to do. It can be stubborn with attachments; sending and receiving.
0, Absolutely awful.
1, Easy and useful. Not sure if my account will be safe from hackers.
0, Forget my password. To much non information to attempt retrieving. Hard to work thru. Would you help.
1, Was difficult to set up as my contacts didn't transfer from my previous kindle
1, I've been with Yahoo mail for many years and its always been safe and reliable.
1, All shipment delivers have been prompt and results always satisfactory.
0, I no longer can receive or send email on my kindle fire. Not a happy camper...thinking of going to a regular tablet. Your customer service could not help me just said it was a yahoo problem. however, I can get my email etc on my pc just fine. and yahoo never answers their phone with a real person to help and I don't have an hour to sit and wait on hold. Just not happy with this.
1, Love it!
1, Live good Ole yahoo
0, Had to delete this app, kept screwing up my Fire tablet. Old school App.
0, I don't like having to click on 'Show Images' to view my e-mail or having to press and hold on an email in order to delete e-mails. The extra steps are unnecessary.
1, Yahoo!
1, Good app
1, It is awesome
1, Effortless connection from my Kindle Fire to Yahoo mail. Simply downloaded the app and signed in to Yahoo mail. I was previously using the email app that was on my Kindle and had a lot of problems. With the Yahoo app there isn't any problems
0, Having a hard time getting things to work. How do you delete a message without opening it up. Can't get most video s to work. Takes for very to get photos to come up.
0, don't use it.
1, I was using another app and started having problems so download the Yahoo Mail and it works really great! Love my Kindle Fire.
0, What a hassle. I had 3 mail accounts set uo on my Kindle, and Yahoo forced me into this app for 1 account.
1, use it alot
1, Great and easy access to my mail!
1, I would only change one thing! I would put a trash option on the inbox folder just like it is on the spam and trash folders!
1, love being able to check my mail without having to log onto a computer, since I don't use my phone for that purpose. It is great having and so easy to use.
1, fast upload. Clear & concise! Use everyday on my Kindle,
0, Couldn't figure out how to sign out so I deleted it.
0, Nice, neat appearance on my Kindle Fire but can only view 10 at a time. I get more than that in 5 Minutes, pretty but not practical,
0, Can't open pdf's.......
1, When Yahoo changed its internal settings, the e-mail sync program stopped working on my Kindle Fire. Instead of fooling around with trying to pound a square peg into a round hole, I just downloaded Yahoo Mail. So far, I like the app as it appears on the screen in a similar fashion as Yahoo does on my smart phone and desk top. The one issue I have not been able to attend to is an incessant message that appears when opening the app. The message tells me that messages are being grouped into conversations. I personally dislike that particular feature so I do no use it.
1, Just whatever I need.
0, I've seen glaciers move faster than this app. Terrible is the best description. Nothing loads quickly, and it's glitchy beyond belief
1, Great seller! Will use again.
1, I got the Yahoo mail app. It is great because its like your on a computer. So I think u should get itttt
0, Since I put the Kindle Anti-Virus on my Kindle the apps are not working....I click on an app and it won't open.. I'll try to get customer service, tomorrow......I purchased it from Amazon and they will be glad to help... I am very proud I choose everything from this company...They have the best customer service I have ever known.......
1, Excellent
0, This download didn't work when I got it from amazon. Had to download through google. Could just be a problem with my phone, but other downloads from amazon work fine. The reason I didn't give this a better rating is that you can't sign out, at least I can't find a way to do it. So I have to physically stop the app every time I am done, otherwise my phone notifies me of every email that comes in. Irritating
1, I need this app cause I was not able to get my Yahoo mail putting the app on did the trick back to reading my emails
1, I use all the time.hacking scares me,but online it's all a risk nowadays
1, I like the application because it is simple to use, and I can read and reply to my email without any difficulties.
1, Updated information and abilities is always useful.
0, Yahoo email is just awful
1, Thank you
1, I been with yahoo since the start and it's be sweet.
1, I like being able to access my emails on my kindle. I can write and reply easily. It is a full site application with my folders and contacts. I use it every day!
1, Easy to access on my Kindle, phone, and tablet. Good filtering of spam
1, Good app
0, I can't access mail due to technical difficulties so I can't review right now.
0, the app is easy to use but sometimes when I go on my computer it hasn't synced up to it and I end up having to delete the same emails twice which is annoying
1, this is an awesome app. it tells when you get something from facebook to emails. take it from me get this app.
0, Yahoo you just lost another client. You went from ok to undependable. I can afford to syay with you any longer.
1, Great app for people who actually look at each piece of mail they get. Easy to swipe to next letter and easy to delete open emails. Only changes I would like are having the number of unread emails shown next to the "Inbox" icon and a way to set the show images button to work differently in different folders.
1, I can get to my emails a lot easier and faster. It is also a lot easier to download attachments.
0, I like this app better than the Kindle app. The Yahoo mail app allows you to do everything that you can do using a computer.
1, It's a great and easy to use
1, I haven't had any problems with it.
0, Page Won't Load a lot. If ur looking At your mail u always Have to refresh the page or log on and off to recover new mail. A constant issue. Otherwise The setup format is better besides That constant issue.
1, I love having the ability of going directly to my mail. Make life slot easier. Would recommend this apt to all.
1, This is my favorite way to get to my emails, and this is easy to download and use immediately. Very user friendly.
1, I have been using Yahoo email for years and its nice to have it in more than one location for easier access.
0, I have worked with Yahoo for years, but that time has ended. It has become obvious that the administrative folks don't give squat about privacy nor do they care about controlling unwanted junk mail. I don't know about anyone else but my junk mail (spam) has quintupled over the last year. I've had enough and have moved my mail to a different provider and the spam has stopped. PERIOD. I tried to address my concerns with Yahoo, but it fell on deaf ears. When a spammer sends mail from one of their alias's you can not block it...it doesn't work. Yahoo mail sucks!!!
0, i hav to delete it thn reload it juz to sign out of my acount if my sister wanted to check her mail
1, Great site yo use
1, I like this program because it allows me to check my emails when I am not able to get to my laptop.
1, It has great sound by itself but if you have a bose radio, you can have an at home wonderful experience.
0, Trying to go through my mail and delete want I don't need and the app seems to be having trouble doing so, it is quite glitchy to include the menu and options bar that doesn't seem to present itself when appropriate.
0, I really don't care for the new Yahoo Mail. The ads are in the way, It is more annoying to use and makes me wonder what else Yahoo is doing.
1, Still my favorite
1, What I need and want is a free email app that is simple and intuitive. I don't need a bunch of bells and whistles to brag about or to complicate my communicating. Yahoo mail lets me easily send pics and docs. It works every time without password glitches or having to reset my account due to whatevers. It seamlessly synchs across all my devices. What more do I need?
1, I love my yahoo, thanks
1, It keeps him connected.
1, Tonight I uninstalled my previous version of this app and installed this version. So far seems to act the same and I see no difference. My only issue over the years has been in trying to view personal pictures in my emails. I always get an error message that they can't be viewed and the app crashes. If they could fix this bug I would give it 5 stars.
1, much more organized & updated
0, It is o.k on this fire tablet. But I really look at my mail on my desktop, which is must better.
1, Excellent app! I use it all the time.
1, It's easy to use and keeps me organized! Works very well with my new Kindle Fire! Highly recommend! Go Yahoo ¡
1, still the best around...
1, In my opinion this app works great on the fire!! Very easy to use, has all options as regular email, and alerts you when new email arrives!
1, Been using Yahoo mail for years.
1, Excellent
1, it is pretty easy to use and it is nice to have if I'm on the go with my kindle fire. I like having yahoo mail on more than device.
1, Great Bing has tried to get me to change Google has tried to get me to change and still I stay with Yahoo.
1, I haven't experienced any problems with the Yahoo Mail App. I would recommend it to a friend or family member :)
1, This app is so easy to use. I am very pleased. If you do not have this app you are missing out.
1, Still good....Have had my account for more than 15 years and have had few problems. Keep up the good work.
1, A nice version of an older program. It works great and has a clean concise look to it. I want this app on my PC.
0, Everytime i open up the app it says i have to close it or wait for it to come up. It really is annoying. I hope the problem gets fixed.
1, it was easy to download to my kindle fire
1, Does what I want it to. Pretty much a standard app.
1, So far, so good. No complaints at all.
1, OMG THIS IS WAY BETTER THAN THE EMAIL APP ON KINDLE!!!!! Better graphics!
1, Makes organizing easier.
1, Love the ease of deletion that seemed to be added recently. When my box hit over2500, I thought no way out of this. Then Damn if you go ahead and do it. Happy camper
1, I've used it for years. Wouldn't go anywhere else.
1, How great that I can easily check email on my kindle! love love the ease of this application. It has definitely made my life easier for sure.
1, Great app!! It is much better than trying to access my yahoo mail through a browser window. Easy to manage my email.
1, GETTING THERE STILL HAS TROUBLE DELETING emails. HAD NO WAY THAT I HAVE FOUND TO SEND UNRELATED EMAILS TO NONE KNOW address. VERY HARD TO USE OF YOU R USE TO A LAPTOP OR DESK top.
1, It's a quick and easy way to check e-mail on my Kindle - with no computer "boot up" time required.
1, Good app.
1, I find this app very convenient to use anywhere and anytime. It is just as good as the one on my computer. It took some time to get used to using, but it is essentially the same as the one I have on my PC.
1, It is a bit different but over all it is pretty cool.
1, I chose this because it allows me to not only get my emails it allows me to respond. I like it because it lets me respond to my emails. Previously I was accessing my emails through yahoo.com and although I could read them it wouldn't allow me to compose. When I attempted to respond, the keyboard just would appear. I dislike that it doesn't have the same appearance as when I go to yahoo.com. I would recommend this as an alternative to going to yahoo.com if you can't do what you need to. I just started using it a few days ago but it seems like it will serve my purpose.
1, Yahoo mail is dependable. It is easy to use. Even the elderly can use it. I have two email accounts and Yahoo work good with my iPhone but the other one doesn't. So I like Yahoo.
1, I'm not using Yahoo frequently to give an honest opinion, I am an MSN Premium Subscriber. However, when I used Yahoo, it worked well for me!
1, Have used it for years and happy with it.
1, The best Mail program.
1, This is just like the desktop. Better than the iPhone app. I didn't realize that if I changed the colors it would change the desktop too. Very easy to use.
1, Fast, flexible
1, Use it on my Fire Tablet - great app
0, Not thrilled with set up of emai. I much prefer the set up provided by AT&T.l
1, I enjoy using the Yahoo Mail app. Easy to use. Easy to read my email.
1, It is good and lets you know when you get emails, easy to send emails, but I still have not figured out how to get to the contact from my email account from device. But overall it is great!
0, I can't even load up this app on my kindle fire anymore. It worked great for a few months, but then yahoo was recently updated, and now I open the app and it closes back out to the log in screen saying &#34;session has expired&#34; anyone having the same issue? I cleared the cache and data, and still does the same.
1, Great and convenient way to keep up with your Yahoo mail.
1, Works fine for my wife. She likes it a lot.
0, No parental controls and inappropriate adds for my daughter at the top of her inbox.
0, A pain in the butt to download mail!
1, How come Yahoo mail app on the front screen only comes up all gray. It use to come up Yahoo Mail. Every so often all of my apps come up gray
0, I used to be able to refresh and get the most current emails. Now I no longer get them. I may see them a day later. I went ahead and deleted this app in hopes that reinstalling will help - or find something else.
0, it sucks, not worth a thought. Can never use my kindle to retrieve mail. And you want a more descriptive way of IT SUCKS!!!!!!
1, I generally use my computer for email, but this serves as a handy alternative when starting my laptop is burdensome and time-consuming. I don't experience too many problems with the app, so I can't think of any to mention here.
0, Have a hard time getting on sometimes. At times, it takes 3 or 4 tries to get on. Some times it is very slow to respond to changing areas.
1, Use it all the time. Very convenient for me to email my friends.
1, I like the ability to hit one button and be taken right to email. I use Yahoo for all my business needs. It is a very good email site.
1, I enjoy this app. Works well even with my older Samsung Galaxy 3. I have access to all my folders anytime.
0, Kindle Fire, only because Yahoo still uses pop3. or whatever its called.
1, This app works great on my Kindle fire 10! No problems at all.
1, Been there for me since 1995.
1, Had no problems yet🙏🏾
1, So glad to have my mail easily available on my tablet.
0, I am so sorry I up greated to the newer app of yahoo its the worst ever never can down load my messages without unsubscribe and then resubscribe the app anyone have suggestions? yahoo could care less
1, Sometimes messages I have deleted continue to appear in the inbox. Also, I would switch the spam and trash button.
1, Good app. It makes checking my email more colourful!!!
1, Finally a much needed upgrade, very good improvement.
1, I love yahoo sooooooooooo much it's re a 'll helpful for me mail and such I give it 10000000 stars
0, I have downloaded it twice now. It has never worked. Very frustrating to have such a simple app not work every time.
1, It addressed my expectation
1, Easy app to use. One tap and I am in. Continually updates mail and alerts you when you have new mail. One of my favorite apps.
1, The first email app I have used was the original one that came with the Kindle Fire HD. I found out it was a pain to delete an absurd amount of emails, manually, so I looked around on Amazon and found the Yahoo! Mail app. It is just like being on a desk top computer and you can even change the background (if you're into that kind of stuff). So far it's been extremely reliable and I haven't had an issue with it so far. I have not used the Conversation parts of it but I imagine they work like they're supposed to. So if you're looking for an email app and you have a Yahoo account, I highly advise you to give this app a chance!
1, Was easy to install and help me get into the E-Mails fast so I can keep up with work I do with church.
1, it id really good easier than ones ive used before. I would use it again if I had the chance
1, Very good! In a very nice format, easy to read and understand, gives you plenty of options. Very timely with the messages
1, very easily used
1, easy to use, almost always up and running, cheap compared to most others. I've tried several others, but always come back and use Yahoo.
0, This app is worthless to me - can't respond to anything in my inbox. Already had problems on Kindle Fire when I tried using regular Yahoo to respond to emails, so this app does not help!
1, Easy to use & does what I need. Great for quick check emailing. Great app for using on my Kindle Fire.
1, It is so easy to check my e-mail and this will help me to keep my inbox clear. Thank you!
0, Never worked
1, I have had it for only a few days and it seems fine so far
1, Like the the ability to delete multiple emails at once.
1, Very easy to use and using it works great a lot of advertisements which could be eliminated a little annoying at times
0, Hate it. Yahoo has found a way to push out life long members. For those of you locked out of Yahoo now, this app wont help you get back in.
1, Great Shirt
0, This app is so "busy" looking that you can hardly notice your emails. Perhaps I'll get accustomed to all those icons at the head of my emails but it looks too scattered. I do like the way you can delete with a swipe.
1, I have never used Yahoo before and it is very different from COX, so I am adjusting to the change. My son set this up for me because we have Team-Viewer, and we were having problems using that with COX. I saw some differences right away, in that I receive much LESS junk mail. YEH!
0, With the quality of the android app Yahoo has built - 1. fire the entire staff first, start with the QA manager 2. plan to exit the business Yahoo, with this kind of quality you man not survive long.
1, I like the set up on it especially the smiley faces! !! But I don't like how hard it is to change passwords and to get into profile! !!
1, Very convenient app. Works the same as on my phone.
0, I downloaded and it won't let me type in my user ID and password from beginning... So, not even able to test it... Useless
0, Yahoo is not filtering out junk mail. Maybe I should be taking another step. But there is so much of the bad stuff, Yahoo is not worth my time.
1, This app is so handy and convient! I like being able to view my mail when using my new Kendall Fire.
0, The server is always down, it takes too long to load messages, they only care about generating income through advertising. I am changing all of my e-mail to my Gmail account. Goodbye Yahoo!!!! You pissed off yet another customer!!!!
1, Nothing
1, Yahoo never fails to work, I've used it for over a decade.
1, Enjoy using it comes in real handy when I am on the road. My only concern is security. The easy-to-use system is great
1, Works on DROID razor maxx. Can forward, send emails, view them as normal. Dont use the email app pre installed on phone, but this. Works great. Also compatible with kindle fire
0, Lately Yahoo mail is hopeless. You can't even access your own account -- clients can't operate. One thing still works well, though -- SPAM! All of that get's through. Has anyone else had this problem?
1, I use my kindle every where so getting my mail on the go is fast and easy.
1, Yahoo e-mail is really handy and easy to use..!! I use it daily..!!
1, watched season one and two back to back couldn't stop watching now watching season three it gets better every week
1, Makes bring up my yahoo mail easy. Works great. Displayes nicely. Easy to use. No problems with using the app.
1, I would like to know why I get double e-mails on my account when some places send them to me? Also, why can't the emails be deleted on all devices when you delete them, I don't like having to go back and delete the same messages 3 times. Other than that, I like Yahoo. I just don't like emails as much any more.
1, I love this app! Though it is hard to open messages sometimes it is also is great for on the go.
1, No real issues, works well, rarely down. Sometimes hard to open large attachments but that could be the pad I use.
1, great
1, Reliability
1, I love it. And plus you can make your own themes
1, Same email address since the 80s and has always been Yahoo with me!
1, love it
0, There are no clues about what the navigation icons mean! I can figure out what the trash can is... ditto for the star, the reply and forward arrows... I don't understand the circle, the shield, the file folder, the other items... and I 'm afraid to tinker around in "random discovery" style, in case I delete a message I don't want to lose! These navigation instructions wouldn't have to be on the Kindle screen! They could be at the Amazon site, or even back at some0 Yahoo page.
1, Great
1, I like this app. It's very easy to use and very fast. I don't have anything negative to say about it.
1, Easy to use, no problems.
1, I like this app its really awesome I love it love it!!!!! its the best you should put more stuff on it
1, I like being able to read my e-mail from the Kindle Fire. I also like sending messages to friends and families which I can now do but only because my daughter figured it out for me! At first I could receive messages but was unable to send them. With her help I now can do both.
1, This app was easy to download and it works great. I am using it every day and would recommend it to anyone.
0, Ok
0, I thought I was getting the yahoo mail i was use to. Not user friendly to me. Maybe you will have better luck.
1, A great app for my email and synchronize quickly.
0, I've never had problems with this app but lately all I can do is delete as many messages as I want, but I cant actually pull up and read individual messages.
1, Takes getting used to but like it now that I have used it a few times. Marie
1, Yahoo mail functions properly all the time. I don't have any complaints. It's user-friendly, and aesthetically pleasing. Messages are sent in real-time.
0, I use this app on my Kindle Fire. I find it hard to navigate, and as a result I access my Yahoo mail from the internet as I did before getting the app.
1, Easy to navigate
0, I think they should give more options.it's good for checking your email ..but doesn't options of given homepage news and weather..
1, Because I use this when I can't open an email on my Android and don't want to turn my computer on to check it.
0, Not the greatest, not the best. There is nothing unusual, different or earth shattering , just like the other ones. As they say, Same S***, Different Day.
1, Its totally awesome man!!!!!!!
0, this app sucks for the kindle fire. It would be better if you can see more than 10 emails. It needs a lot of improvement!!!!!
1, This is a great value. The convenience of having this work on a mobile device is hard to over state.
0, I hate yahoo mail now. I have used it for years and years, and now I can hardly find my messages. I HATE the background color which is so dark I cannot read the emails and I don't know how to change it. I hate the way you reply to an email. IT was so simple before, and now when you try to erase a part you don't want to send, you look in your sent box, and there it is NOT ERASED! ! I am most likely going to go to GMail. I just have to let all my contacts know and that is a pain also. Why did Yahoo ruin a good thing?
1, I use this app on my kindle fire and it's so much easier than going to the yahoo web site.
0, It wont work on my Kindle Fire. Hate it!!!! Love my Kindle Fire!!!
1, Just great.
1, happy with yahoo.
1, I have been using the app for almost 4 years and happy with it. Few times I had issues, but resolved by itself.
1, I love this app! I use it every day. Easy to use, easy to navigate, easy to open and close. The settings are easy to follow. I would recommend this app for any one needing email. Good job Yahoo!!!
0, I can't sign out. Please fix this
1, For me its works without Internet connection its amazing and easy to use. If you want it get it I don't know how others have problems with it its easy for me to use I have a Kindle Fire.
0, I get so aggrivated with this app. It either won't load my emails, won't delete my emails, won't open my emails, or just won't open period. It makes me just want to get a new email account all together.
1, Easy to read, respond to, delete, and hold e-mail from your yahoo mail account. This app is one you should have if you have a yahoo mail account and you have a KindleFire.
0, I have deleted this app because it stopped working in my kindle.. uploaded it again same issue. I give up time to switch email accounts
1, This is the simplest, easy to use mail service imo. Early on, I've used others with various problems as a neophyte and found that yahoo mail is consistently dependable and only occasionally I cannot connect with Yahoo mail. Actually, I use Yahoo products almost exclusively.
0, It won't sink up,is glitchy,and closes,or quits constantly,to the point I just uninstalled it and no longer use yahoo anymore.
0, If you do not have email you should give this a try. I was having problem with my other email account but so far so good with this one
1, Easy to use. I found it convenient. Some of the type is a bit small in areas. There should be an option to adjust the type with each page. Liked the graphics.
1, I have always used Yahoo as my main email address.
0, The application allows me to review email subjects and folders content. However I was not able to use if to read actual content. I needed to configure my own
0, Best to swipe between emails and not select left hand list as it gets out of sync. Rest works pretty well.
0, Not at all impressed with the latest version. Should of allowed for keeping older versions. Going the wrong way with latest updates.
0, Need imformationhow to use this on my Kindle. Can" t figure out how to answer E mail?? This is very noisey.
0, As a vehicle for getting emails it's as good as any and easy to access. However I see little evidence of a spam filter.
1, great app..no problems at all. definitely made checking my mail more convenient I am able to scroll through my messages just fine
1, Very much enjoying the new Yahoo.
1, its going good so far love it great great great emails service will keep it for a very long time
1, I would have gave it 5 stars but Friday was first time after all the orders I made I recieved a problem. But I'm not mad hopefully it could be fixed!!! I'm a loyal customer!
1, Love having a yahoo app right on my kindle. It's so helpful to have and works really well. I find myself checking my email on my kindle more than my laptop now!
1, Very easy to open, use and manage ! I am happy ! :))
1, Yahoo! Mail is the essential tool for connectivity!
0, The Yahoo email app works fine on my newer Kindle Fire HD 8 but cannot be found in the Amazon App Store for installing from/ on our older Kindle Fire HD 7. Because I therefore use the Kindle email app to connect to my Yahoo email, Yahoo sends me a warning and requires me to acknowledge that I understand the risks of using a non approved app EVERY TIME I access my Yahoo email from my laptop browser. Grrrrr! Suggested to Yahoo that they make the app work on Fire HD7 or stop repeating warnings but no response yet.
1, It works for me and I use when I am visiting friends and when I go out to eat.
0, Ads ads and more ads
1, I am very happy with Yahoo mail service: easy to use, easy to weed out mail that I want to keep, great spam filter. I have been using Yahoo mail for 15 years and plan to keep right on doing so.
1, I would rather not have to change my password so often. I have several computers and it is a pain to reset them all. Also, it frequently stops working on my Android devices.
1, It's where I get my email. No problems with it. Completely happy with it.
1, Superb
1, I'm just a little bit of everything else to say the least
1, Great
1, works great! I feel it views better than the pull in your yahoo email to kindle. its just like looking at yahoo mail but, better !
0, Very beautiful
0, My. Only dislike with yahoo is they keep changing the way you use e-mail.plus on the kindle if you have a group e-mail set up it doesn't work, you have to manually enter all from your contact list.
0, meh
1, I really like being updated throughout the day and evening with the latest news. Also enjoy the variety. of stories
1, I am able to access my Yahoo mail to send and receive with no problems. No issues with syncing at all.
1, great
1, love it
1, Yahoo is great! It easy to use and understand! I would recommend it to anyone and everyone!
1, I have had a Yahoo acct for many years. I enjoy having access to it thru my Kindle Fire. It gives me exactly what I want.
0, I wanted this app to be smooth and easy. It kept showing me mail from many months prior but never anything current. I tried changing everything I could think of to no avail. It just works better to go in through my browser. There also didn't seem to be any way to turn off notification hours, so spam would ring at all hours.
1, I was having trouble getting to my Yahoo mail on my devices, so downloading this app onto my Kindle was a godsend. As easy to use as if I was on a PC.
0, Seldom when I open the app does it actually open and load my messages. I only have this problem with this app. I find myself having to log in go my yahoo account the old fashion way. It's truly frustrating.
0, Now yahoo uses up a huge portion of my mail page giving me information about how many times I have exchanged emails with me person and what documents are linked to them etc. What is Yahoo doing with information about my documents? Do others like and find this intrusive behavior to be what they want? And their is no way to move this information I want aside so I can get through my emails easily.
0, I love yahoo mail and use my kindle daily. I hate that it takes forever to be able to access my mail because the app freezes for the first five minutes or so and you have to keep closing it. Really needs improvements.
0, Force closes, takes forever to load emails or just gives a black screen. Where gmail is nearly instant and low bandwidth, Yahoo on android and iphone eay your dataplan. I have used yahoo for years. Not impressing me lately with this and the slowness of javascript on their web page...
0, crashes consistently and is obviously broken. I hope that it is fixed soon.
1, The yahoo app works as it should without getting in the way. I check my email when I can. All other times I receive a quick notification that I can tap on to view right away or I can ignore it and look at it later.
0, Impossible to sign on to YAHOO. Even att.net is not able to solve
1, Great Great Great Great Great Great Great
1, I like it's app.
1, This app works well and helps to streamline the process of checking my emails. Anyone who has yahoo mail may as well use this app. It is free after all.
1, Satiefied
0, Limited but not like the iPad version. Don't let this software full you that look like Yahoo! MAIL APPS. Safe space but us your web browser.
1, It's easy and fast to use, I can use this app on both my cell phone and Kindle with no problems
1, I can't find a delete button for folders I no longer want. I can't figure out how to reply to an e-mail so, it could be more User friendly. Sometimes I click on the trash can symbol to empty the trash or spam folders and instead of deleting them it opens them instead. Also how to you access your contacts? A few easier ways to do the above and it would be a great app instead of just good.
1, Looks just like my normal mail from the web page. It also runs just as well on the kindel as my computer. It works for me and gets the job done.
1, I have used Yahoo for many years, actually about 25 years and hope to enjoy many more very easy to use.
1, I have been using Yahoo mail for the past sixteen years and it remains my primary email provider.
1, Yahoo Dose the hi on for me!!!! My every day life consisting of Yahoo!!!
1, Yahoo has been over past 25 years one of best one on one sites to use for beginners it has always been user friendly
1, Like being able to view my mail at any time, work, break time. Easy to add to kindle to view.
1, I like the format, however, when I first click onto a message it glitches a couple of times before holding
0, I already had yahoo on my kindle and this app made it so I had to perform every action twice. I finally deleted it!
0, Email on kindle ans android works when it wants...then doesn't. Probably needs to be tweaked or updated. I keep deleting the same messages.
1, App functions smoothly, very responsive, basic and clutter free interface. Mutch better than the Kindle fire's email app. Highly recommended.
1, This app works good most of the time, occasionally though it has some quirks. It brings back email that I've deleted and few few other problems. I'll keep it for now.
0, I use other services since my accounts do not get hijacked by spammers or other non authorized users. Need to fix that.
1, It's easy to get into, never crashes.
0, This app takes forever to load on my tablet
1, Yahoo is the best. Better then Google.
1, I use yahoo all the time it`s the best.
1, Fit. Thank you!!! Needed.
1, So easy to use..!! Everything is right at my fingertips ..I have this on my phone and my Kindle. Good job
1, This app is amazing. Its very fast and reliable i will never change emails ever again. i love it and i think you should get it as well
1, I like this app. Because it is free how much can one complain. I have had to delete from my device and reinstall oh every six months or so but again...it is free.
1, Very easy way to access yahoo email.
1, Les Bossinas Quickest way I've got to check my email. One of the most important aps I have. i recommend it.
1, Get my mail like clockwork
1, Easy to use
1, I don't do my e-mail here very often but since I do not have lap top I find that I can check my e-mails when I am out of town. I have been using this for about 8 months now..
1, Lot better and I will tell friends about yahoo mail.
0, I use thus on my phone all the time but tor some reason you cant scroll through email on the fire. that flaw makes it almost worthless
1, Great
0, Like the older version much better
1, I like most, if not all the features. My only problem is with the option to delete messages. I wish there was an easy way to delete as many as you want without having to check each message. Maybe an option to enter an amount. It will make cleaning your files easier and quicker.
1, I love it
1, I have used yahoo for about 12 years. It is easy to use and I prefer it over all other mail site!
1, So much easier to get my email on my Kindle Fire than before when I had to go to the web and type in my password which I always mistyped. This app puts a little notification if new mail comes and I can click and delete and read so easily. I do save my replies for when I use the computer because I don't type well on the Kindle, but that is just me. It is easy to reply and forward. A great app.
0, NEW VERSION TERRIBLE. Yahoo uploaded a new version of Yahoo Mail that I didn't ask for. NO SAFE DRAFT BUTTON. Since Yahoo crashes frequently, all of your work is lost. The send buttom as well as the text buttons are at the bottom. In addition, Yahoo tries to force you into using their Cloud storage. IF I HAD WANTED IT I WOULD HAVE SIGNED UP. BRING BACK THE OLD YAHOO...OR YOU WILL BE LOOSING CUSTOMERS.
1, needed this app for my new kindle. easy to install and use. a good purchase and cant beat the price
1, It is great . The graphics great . The rules clear thank you.
1, Like the new design. Easy to read n navigate.
1, I have had this app for about 6 weeks so far very good. Better than my last mail app try it you may like it
1, Very very good one.!!!
1, It gets the job done for what you want to use it for. Only problem I have is that you can't log out.
0, Rarely opens without needing a restart. Cannot bulk delete multi-pages. Looks good, works poorly on Kindle HD.
1, have it on my kindle fire. it has some advertisements but its not annoying and in your face. wish they had this for window's phones
0, Don't use it.
0, It was very difficult.
0, I hate that I updated this app. It won't load my e-mails at all. Im very angry with it. I do not recomend it until they update it again.
1, Can't move old levels to new android
0, I have been having difficulties getting my email to open. When it does open it is very slow. I am having difficulty even getting this sent.
1, Works well.
1, Not really sure why all the bad reviews...works great on my Kindle Fire....I can scroll through all of my emails at once, and it loads with no issues. Works just as well on my Samsung Fascinate.
0, small print . cannot seem to enlarge. defer to pc to use.
0, after years of using my Yahoo account to send emails to accounts with an apostrophe in the email address, now this "updated" version of the app now tells me that any email with an apostrophe is an invalid address. this is false. fix it. fix it fix it already. This is a kindergarten coding issue. Hire a 10 year old to write you the correct code
1, I know other people with other emails and believe me this one is the best. Yahoo mail does so many things I wish everyone would give it a try
0, not as convenient as other apps
1, This is an amazing app when I got Yahoo mail I was super excited to look for and app on my kindle you can get ur mail super fast.
0, I am having the same issue. I was afraid I was the only one. I too read all my mail on my Kindle. I am very upset that it is all screwy now
0, Logs you out every 30 seconds!!! So sick of this app!!! You would think yahoo would get their car crap together
1, Awesome!!!!!!
1, No more going on line to get to my emails, this app is a click away and has everything. Best part it's free
1, It's easier than using silk just to go to my email. Saves me time and it works just fine for me
1, Annoyed it won't log in to my phone, get authentication errors. Other then that it has been good to me!
1, Love Yahoo mail
1, Great
1, Love Yahoo as it is most familiar to me. This is where I stay in touch with friends and family and it is so convient.
0, It will not accept my login, won't change to English (which is my primary language) even after several attempts. Where "login" is, it says "Ingia". I am very frustrated. I need help!
1, I have had none of the issues mentioned in any of the reviews...has worked flawlessly for me since I started using this app 3 years ago.
1, Great for checking your email. Never has loading issues. Definitely would reccomend for all people that had a yahoo account.
1, This is all you need in a mail app to check and compose mail in Yahoo. You should try this yourself.
1, I get so much use from this app especially since my primary email is Yahoo. I've never really had problems with it! The only little thing is now and then it refuses to refresh or show new emails, as if I don't have a network connection, even though I do. So I have to resort to another email app which isn't as handy to use, but always seems to work when this one isn't. I know to expect glitches with any app/program now and then though, so I don't let it bother me.
0, Without the ability to log out I can't trust having this app installed on my kindle. Yahoo fail.
1, It's great. I'm very comfortable with my new app which one tap away from all my e _mails.
1, Very user-friendly application and well organised. I recommend it f o r all Yahoo users, it will save you time and efforts.
0, Since Yahoo changed their email format it has become so difficult to work with. The "grouping" of emails is a disaster. If I haven't been using it for so long I'd switch in an instant.
0, you can only see 10 emails. need to delete existing to see. use yahoo on yourbrowser to see your inbox.
1, It's very easy to navigate though your email. I recommend using this as your primary email address, you will not regret it!
1, works well on fire HDX. have had no issues with loading, reading or sending mail also able to open attachments just fine
1, Works as it should. Pretty much does what you expect it to do. I like getting notified when I receive a mail.
1, 4stars for no access to my calendar. Fire phone app is overall useful for email review and communication, serving its purpose.
1, I'm liking this yahoo mail update. It's as easy to use as past versions and the picture themes are a really nice looking touch.
1, Great tool!
1, great to get to on my kindle
0, ok app with one annoying feature- it pings every time a group of emails come in no matter if the apps running or not. its very annoying and I haven't found a way to turn it off
1, a must
0, Yahoo is just an average email carrier. Its biggest problem is that the so called filter for spam and other contentious materail does not do a good job.
1, The next best thing to the actual laptop or desktop!
1, Easy to download and use this yahoo app!
1, does a good job getting yahoo mail. doesn't crash.
0, More difficult to use than the prior one and I keep getting postings of login attempts blocked but will not tell me what they are.
1, The 3 version is fine, but DON'T "upgrade" to the 4 version. It's very buggy. The worst part is that is version 4 attachments don't get sent: you think you've sent an attachment, but it never arrives at its destination! This is true with both Android v. 4.4.4 and 4.2.2. I reinstalled the older version and everything works again as it should.
1, I would recommend.
0, I don't desire the "sponsored " emails. The app design appears basic. Settings are limited on the kindle. If Yahoo insists on changes, the alterations should actually be improvements.
0, This app is extremely slow, unreliable, and constantly crashes on my Kindle Fire HD. The problem is there are no other alternative apps for Yahoo Mail the work any better.
1, I like to read my mail and keep on the things growing on
0, This app harly ever work 9 out of 10 times it force closes
1, A much needed app. Easily downloaded and it works very well.
0, Zero stars, horrible email server loaded with spam and ads
1, Perfect.. very happy.
1, CAN CHECK EMAIL ANYWHERE ITS GREAT TO HAVE DON'T HAVE TO BE JUST AT HOME ON COMPUTER TO SEE MY MAIL.
0, ok
0, I've had Yahoo mail for years and sad to report that I don't appreciate the changes it's made. the Yahoo page has got too many advertizements. bring back our old yahoo please.
0, top
1, Helpful
0, Size was too small
1, Makes it so much easier to get your yahoo mail... Great app I am putting it on all of my tablets !!
0, Too many commercials too many changes my wife says I I use gmail it's faster and easier to get to
1, Great app. It works as it suppose to. Super service, I get my emails on a timely basis. So good.
1, I am using Yahoo Mail on my Kindle and it is pretty good. Easy to download and view attachments. The only issue I have is that it doesn't seem to refresh easily.
1, It works 